I *finally* got a follow up appointment with my specialist. Been trying since Feb 4. Booked for June 5. Really starting to get tired of this. Something has to change. I just wanna flip out I can understand why people snap. There is only so much bullshit a person can take I've never been more ready for summer Anyone else's bestfriend list on snapchat fucked up?! Why is no one calling me?? where is the fitter? being seriously mucked around! 3 fails now! of good customer service and what that looks like! Why'd I left them mess with the printer software on my computer? Now I keep getting an "unable to print" pop up. It's really annoying when I am still called my older brothers name and he isn't even this state right now Boys are so dumb....I swear!!!!!!!! Stop making up stories, you have no idea what your talking about Now I remember why I unfollowed your ass So how do you work this snapchat update?-_- Yes. Because that wasn't clear before. Trying too hard to get attention smh Why must everything always go wrong at the worst time possible? need to reconsider who she's giving money away to. Your couple's apt didn't look like they need $10k! Everyone is pissing me off when it come to my sisters bachelorette party. Been in the waiting room for over an hour and people coming in after me withouttt appts. Get in before me. hey you said 11:10 uk time now i missed the first 20 minutes Nothing can ever just be okay the way it is. So stupid. Why can't I just enjoy my kids life experiences/achievements without you adding your 2 cents about my childhood??? Supervisor came and "helped" me do a 30 minute analysis in 2 hours. Said I now owe them lunch for their "assistance"... I really can't calm down tonight.. I'm finding it hard to fall asleep n that's obviasly not normal My straightening iron never works in hotels. It just won't turn on. What is up with that?~Ree only my mom would repeatedly point out how fat I look in my prom dress.. please leave me alone. When the guy you like is also liked by EVERYONE AND THEIR MOTHERS! I hate people being pointlessly cynical, it doesn't make you seem worldly, just annoying. This snapchat is so dodgy? Half the updates don't work? I can't even send a photo without all of snapchat closing down! Lol at my luck right now. I never felt life walking out on my job like today! Niggas be actin hungry at the parade. Really would love to see my report card but god forbid Agawam High School doesn't screw something up I'm convinced people don't know the difference between the fast and slow lane!! I'm ready to go homeeee already If I have to see her keep crying ima fight G I used to love snapchat I hate it now There is not enough chocolate in the dish to make me happy today!! If I have to see her keep crying ima fight G Why am I still wide awake!!?? Whyyyy iS EVERYTHING Pissing Meee Offffff !!! Dont Fucken Talk To Me No Moreeee -.- My mom is pissing me off on a whole new level today Some over achievers annoy me. We all want an A but some people take it to an extreme. If you don't have a sense of urgency, really, I think you should re-consider your job choice as a cabbie. Why can't I sleep??? AM My dad is so materialistic it's ridiculous . I just want to punch you in the face. Just stop being annoying.... So glad to see school is super important to you both....ya know, since you don't seem to be going. It'd be nice if you didn't spray your cologne especially when I'm dying from coughing, thanks. I feel bad for you, you and you. Nothing I can do and I wish I would be left alone by all of you. Now I'm not tired anymore people are good for nothing WHEN WILL MY AUNT REALIZE I DONT WANT TO PLAY CANDY CRUSH ON FACEBOOK ! There is always that one ex messaging you when he is drunk... I hate when people think I'm lying when I'm clearly telling the truth Guys like these make me wanna break someone's face like stfu frail fuck Mother needs to stop talking to me when she knows I'm in a bad fucking mood I need something to cheer me up I know they're pretty, but prom needs to hurry up so I can take these nails off ! Dear new snapchat, you confuse the fuck out of me. Sincerely, Just wish June 23rd was tomorrow! So I can just leave all this behind me. Apparently lying sluts are a hot commodity...... I'm trying so hard not to go in and subtweet you. Hey MNU, some people still have papers and finals to get done Yaay!! New hobby: Creating terror on my nerves via FB and Whatsapp!!! Some people really need to get their shit together!! Help me to be nice Lord... I would like to say a few things that really aren't socially acceptable. We barely started talking and you're asking for a sexy pic? Next. I just wish I could have fun. My 2 best friends turned into total disgusting man whores in the last month. It's not even fun to hang out with them anymore. This is literally worse then putting a bowl of icecream in front if my face and telling me not to eat it ... Wish A wouldn't promise to call &amp; then just blow it off..doubt he fell asleep. My roommate is so sandy How mxit lingo pisses me off To whoever keeps knocking really loud on my door and then runs away, I will find you and kill you in your sleep ok bye One of those days when you really want to go on a killing spree but your partner-in-crime is on LEAVE The most irritating thing on nights. Loud eaters. Your eating pizza not peanuts. Why the cops hassle the good guys more then the bodmons? Why? I was meant to have a relaxing Friday but thanks to Elitehost now I won't. Dear commuters, if you buy a train ticket you may occupy ONE seat. Not one for your fat ass and one for your bag!! Like seriously, need to find out why it's doing that cause that shit is RIDICULOUS!! &gt;_&lt; Stop saying I hate you!! Your pissing me off!! Ever think that maybe I have stuff going on!?!? I hope updates their block feature. I'm seriously tired of seeing certain persons names on my timeline. I DO NOT need this crap ryt nw!!! WTF What the hell was that scene btw B&amp;R? So out of character. That's where you lost me for good... If I'm looking for something important like my ring, just tell me where it is. Don't hide it from me. Ugh. Sleep once may or may not be an option It's my life. Why won't they shut the fuck up and let me make my own choices. why can't a female just have a real guy friend ? quit trynna holla Damn ! I couldn't be more tired... BUT I CANT SLEEP! Do you have to call me hermosa in EVERY single text? Woke up loads in the night and next doors dogs been barking since 7 I knew I forgot something! My bloody belt! Let's hope my jeans don't fall down! Did I not say they would follow people who aren't fans of them before their actual fans So happy ima go to the gym RN I got it once! But now I can't figure it out! So instead of having a long weekend I now have to work the entire time. There goes my time to write It would b nice if i stop getting bumped Good lord tonight turned shitty. Handle yourself, be responsible. I'm so ready to be home. I'm really tired of hearing the neighbors throw huge parties while I'm trying to sleep.... Not sure if I'm a fan of the new Snapchat seriously my dad won't let me start driver's ed for no reason, thinking I'm going to run off and do stupid stuff if I can drive Ha ha ha so much for me falling asleep Sometimes I feel good to just yell and let all of the emotions out. Over This &amp; Done! Time To Completely Separate Myself! Dressed up to see y oyfind, but I can't go to campus ( -_-) why can a foreign guy get a that I can do? I want a job it doesnt matter what! I dont want to claim benefits! Doing a whole lot of nothing The fact that my coffee emoji doesnt work I legit hate EDM Music. I also dislike people who are fucked up on Molly, coke, and just about any other form of illicit drugs. Should have went to sleep earlier than what I did I have tried to watch this one scene from Frozen and I have replayed it about 5 times now and I still keep missing it! So many assumptions are made when I tweet because of what I tweet Kmt i only sleep for 2 hours every night you spoiled who won HOH in the the winner was wearing the HOH key What's the point in paying for next day delivery then telling me I won't get my parcel for another 5 days ? Stupid getting sick of this! No car and the fucking tubes are fucked making my journey to work a fucking mission I don't get why people think it's cool to shine lasers in my room Ugh I need to answer security questions to buy a song on iTunes but i don't know the answers Bc I made my account like 7 years ago! Kind of sick of being taken advantage of by people who are supposed to be my friends. Lol the first day iphone got block I start using it ... &amp; seems like I'm gone have to get back heavy on it When people can't close the deal. If I have to go one more day without sleep I'm going to lose it. What! Really!? There's more than 1 advertisement on now! Why??? Why do people act like idiots :/ -Feeling .. Ugh what do ppl not understand about the word faithful! It really pisses me off! Can't keep my eyes open at 9pm...wide awake at 2:30am. It doesn't help that I have a million things on my mind. customer service and policies (or lack of them) drive me insane sometimes I have never seen someone lie so much in my life... Till I met you The FM radio irritates the hell out of me geeeeeeeeeeees Woke up with the new snapchat If you can't say nothing nice or meaningful please STFU How do all my clothes just disappear? It's not like they can just get up and leave. Which idiot happened to oversleep today? Yep this idiot. Big parties... Learn how to split checks and learn how to TIP on the TOTAL check not just the split ones! "i shouldn't have woken up this early" yaaaa byeeeeeeee Dear Sore Throat..... Is this your way of asking for alcohol??? Truly The doctors have just sent me to hospital basically because they couldn't diagnose what's wrong with me Do you even read your DMs? My query has not been resolved!!!! Who the heck cooks chicken and rice at this time. Once unfriended, will not be friend anymore. Go away. This summer is gonna be so bad I can just feel it ... Doing stuff I don't even want to and that's all I ask for, it's not much. greedy ppl. Other fear; is hurting people. Some how I keep doing that, glad to know that I'm still bad with communication. Love when's it's not someone else's they are in no great rush or urgency! Why do people keep telling me the new Spiderman film is amazing, when I want to see it, an no one wants to come with me!! Grrrr Going to see Diverent tonight. Shame the service is terrible. Y do ppl nt understand that if u ave a child they always come first En den dis dude decides 2 play loud music so early Gutting when your throat and chest play up just before a studio session U never appreciate good signal till u lose it. On train to Sheffield battling the worts internet signal ever experienced. Oh hai my name is Marissa and apparently being ignored is my specialty . It's official, I actually really can't stand people, bitchy and sly little cunts. Fuck you all And I start getting annoyed with this damn person again!!!!!! Fuck!!! U gta be everywhere I'm seriously getting fucked of with college it bores the shit out of me arrrr Get a text from saying Internet all used up but haven't.... phone up and no one can answer my issue... My landlords are an actual joke on my life . Do they think I have time to be dealing with stupid stuff in the house ? I feel sorry for always under attack by our awful tabloid papers. Makes me ashamed our country produces such crap. charges $25 for a bag even tho I have the Chase mileageplusexplorer card &amp; frequent flyer card and am long time client So my headphones broke? then my charger broke? this nugga sent a friend request erry'day this week. U want me to turn ur lil blu button green THAT bad? Don't you just love condescending people on the telephone I wake up in the middle of the night everynight, this really needs to stop laptop broke just over a week ago before the most stressful week ever. All of a sudden its fixed itself when I don't need it! Could they be doing construction on every street in Hamilton.... Was at work at 4am to find I wasn't meant to be there but they needed me to stay n help. Definitely time for a nap before revision When your coworker doesnt show up for their overnight shift and you're still here, I dont wanna snitch but... Im tired That boring agitating moment when you await on dat one sms and the wrong smses keep coming in -____- Like when is it time for someone to grow up? Now would be a good start. The ignorance I see on these social networks are so unreal. Wow woke up this morning with a numb leg been trying to get my legs under me all week smh I like being endorsed for my skills, but LinkedIn, I do not need an email every hour notifying me. reason why I hate that we moved, the dog barks constantly when it's outside This whole not being able to sleep thing... It's starting to get really old. Oh well on wards and upwards! So pissed of eating healthy and exercising and I have put 2 pound on Need to make an international bank transfer and your bank is blocking it, causing me a number of financial issues Why is it so hard to do online shopping easier and faster my arse Kyle needs to hurry up and get his family car Cant seem to shift this headache, 3days now Shocking service by Call Centre after 40 minutes on hold! Can I please run away from home right now :| talking about goodnight b*cth you mean morning with yah snoring Ass, cause a n*gga ain't get no sleep. on my way to hre and i'm already pissed off in gweru hope will put a smile on my face Grrrrr love it how some people get paid to sort out there personal life while the rest of us actually do the work ! good evening everybody... how are you guys just got home from work.. There's some people who can text me anytime of the day.....then it's YOU....don't text me at 5am asking for stuff ... Libraries hv become conversation centres, thy r making so much noise. You don't wanna mess with ancient Greek, it's gonna mess you up! changed password again,hope it's good now! Can't deal with people that let you down tbh Stop telling everyone your life I promise no one cares :) k thanks If when you get given my WiFi password &amp; you're just gonna do that the whole 2 hours you stay, don't bother visiting again. Cheers Marketing- that damned subject where there are 10 terms for the same concept and all of them sound the same. Apparently I look like a junior in HS??!! My eyes puffy, and my body hurt. Why am I still sick Been waiting over 2 hours, want to make a team!!! Order number :( Restoring one table from a full zipped xtrabackup, takes a lot more time than it should... My count down to college is called freedom. Can't wait to be away from my mom. WHY did I have to meet someone so ridiculously amazing a month before I have to leave for the summer? UGHHH. I wish I knew where those girls who were screaming last night live, I would really like to go pound on their door right now I really do hate septa saving for a car hey yesterday I was told that me and a few others might be made redundant from work on Saturday I hate when I can't sleep!! Do I really look that mature? Di pa tawun ko minyo oi! feelingcomplicated I officially hate the radio. I've heard every top song at least 6 times. Why is there no hot water right now? It's been 20 minutes now. This isn't even funny. when you act like this it just makes me just want to do the opposite of what you say. What seems like info seems more like chisme! I love how one day it freaking freezing and the next it's hot I don't get this stupid weather Why is there so much traffic and why does the radio play no music in the morning I don't understand why a woman is called a bitch when she politely declines an offer for a date....hawu must we always say yes?? The amount of times I've been woken up by my mothers heels bangin against the floor is countless Stupid bus is hella late. Great way to start off my Friday -__- Take your time, chat with the lady, I'm not in a hurry. Finding out you have work training on the day you thought you had off I can handle a lot but 100+ elementary students and chaperones is NOT on that list! We never got a room service menu in our room, we call for it, half an hr later it's still not here.. Don't get why or how Jehovah witnesses stand out Islington station handing out booklets like they are metro CHAAA Dear Justin Bieber, are you a secret fan of PARAMORE? =__= Ugh.. Has anyone figured out how to delete your chat feed on the update for snapchat Sometimes I think I should just up and leave to follow my dreams!! Instead of stick around here!! Some people are hella disrespectful in this world....mood killer I tell u... I love how I'm now told what I have apparently said in the past. London statistics show half of all disabled blue badges are stolen, forged or misused. Some people are clucking lazy selfish cnuts. I'm going to murder our neighbors dog/rat if it keeps up its half ass bark I was so excited for this weekend and now I'm completely dreading it Inconsiderate people are the worst. Not the best start to my weekend. Aren't adults supposed to be responsible and do their jobs? If you're going to come back at 3am, could you at least try and be quiet? I uninstalled the app because nothing is posting and I'm in the alpha android group. What's the reasoning behind restricting access to the after party for the first time in years? Aren't we all the same? Bn cleaning up d tiny shitty outliers fr d data since morning bt still d skewness n kurtosis didn't improved much. Ihetchu Get the fuck out of my room! Da fack makes you think I wanna see your face first thing in the morning! -.- Why do people have to go to the mall all at once.... Why must there be an issue every day? Sitting in lot waiting for service. Not the best way to start a Friday! Friday is NOT supposed to start like this!! This day has to get better! Pay weekend Why do people have to go to the mall all at once.... This woman in the hospital sitting next to me is quite posibly the noisiest eater ive ever seen why did my sister facetime me in class what kind of bank doesn't accept a customer wanting to put change in his account. Your CX service is terrible. when your first class gets cancelled and you could have slept longer This day can be over with now.... I had a dream about you. Omg what is wrong with meeee? You fucked me over, not the other way around! Some people are just so fucking rude. Go fuck yourself. why is BeIn showing Madrid-Valencia instead of the Derby della Madonnina..? Yes roommate. I truly love you slamming all of your things around at 7am as I try to sleep for a final..... worse thing is that we are being billed for 3 months of service for something we don't even have Actually your suppose to do your job not talk on the phone. Only good thing about today is that it's payday... I don't have the time or patience for Cannon this morning 3.9 in the third qtr. And then let them kick 8.3 in the last qtr Struggled with my bike lock for 20 minutes this morning before giving up &amp; taking the train. Snap chat updated itself and I didn't even want it peterborough mate. Doing pretty well 2nd in league was top put lost 2 games on bounce both away as well. How does it take two weeks to fix a roof??? I want to sleep without hearing pounding and shingles being thrown off the roof. When couples are all over each other Hahahaha 3am isn't really my favorite time to wake up, but sometimes my brain thinks it's really fun Dear suitemates, getting woken up by Justin Bieber and other obnoxious music is NOT the way to start your Friday. I really have to walk to school right now .... got a DVD unit for the car for Christmas and it keeps skipping to the beginning of the DVDs every time we try to play. It is so hard living with people you don't particularly care to see on a daily basis. I love that my family took off to come to my meet but they could at least be quiet till I woke up! My mom's in the worst mood ever this morning And now eyedrops to dilate pupils! Not Why is it whenever I want things it never works out. My angry neighbors can go away anytime now please I will be a nurse in two weeks.. I don't think I need instruction on how to put in eye drops.. I can't log into my Facebook. how long is this going to carry on for?! Any estimates fixed time why do u insist on using useless couriers? Can't get my address right then say I wasn't in to receive item can this day just be over for a split second I thought it was 2 o'clock and I got really excited but NO it's 9 am i can't wait to no longer work with this kid. that's me in a nutshell My twitter got hacked and made me follow a fuck ton of random accounts. Password changed and now got find time to clean this up The 6:30 am fire drills in Monday and Friday mornings aren't funny anymore... Well aren't you just a fucking peach Oooooooooh my GOODNESS!!! Been sitting on this plane for the past hour and half.... pleeeease do better! Might as well quit while I'm ahead When you know someones read your message but wont reply&lt;&lt; nothing like getting a phone call at 845 from your doctor &amp; your volume turned all the way up next to your ear. Ever work with someone that grinds your gears so bad you just want to punch them in face? Yup that's what I want to do right now! Should I be or when someone my age calls me "Miss"? omg Amanda. It's gotten so much worse iDo NOT ! Have aFace Book Please Stop Asking Me To Follow Your Account An Like Stuff ! iDont Have One My son has been waking up Early as Shit!!!! And Keeping EVERYONE Up Wiyh Him You are probably the most annoying person I have ever met in my entire life. Finding it so hard to concentrate on my final assignments. Argghhh. Annoying text messages from someone who won't even introduce himself/herself. Some people need to learn learn to chew with their mouths shut What a way to start off my weekend Why aren't there more steakhouse in newton/Dedham? Really body, today is not a good day to get sick, the day before regionals and Prom. Either your phone lines are broken or one or more call handlers are intentionally disconnecting callers. Really wish I could throat punch someone now Hey why does my GSIII go through charging cables in about two weeks and not charge properly?? Why do I need ten more savings accounts?! All I want to do is buy the stupid ticket!!!! the updated snapchat really makes me mad.. I don't like it at all. Up eaRLy .. WOndeRing y dId I ComE Do NOT text me before 8:30 because you wake me up before my alarm. you probably shouldn't sign me and my dates up for a table that's full of people we hate. I have one of the most unhelpful professors in the world. Why is there always someone who has to put a kink in it. I've decided I'm just not going to talk, because anything I ever say people take offense to. So my nail lady is on holiday -.- If I dont respond after 8 text messages.... im not talking to you It makes me so mad when I help others with school work. But as as soon as I need help with a couple questions I'm bitched at . Lady beside me. Leave me alone! I'm really not in the mood The new update won't let me use filters without giving my location. That's so dumb. Waking up because my phone wouldn't stop buzzing AND 15 min before my alarm &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; I want school to be over already.... Can someone explain to me why all the cool things happen in Memphis AFTER I leave there...#Ridiculousness I'm now almost positive that half of the stuff out of Crystal's mouth is lies. You are never here! You sleep here sometimes but that is it! Keep it classy Sending my bill that was not yet due to a collection agency I'm giving in trying to get a quote on insurance on a Toyota Landcruiser and any other car to be honest To whoever is doing some type of drilling in towers: STOP I don't have finals and I want to sleep! Why is it ...grrrr on !!! I make an appointment so I'm not late for my first day...and they're running behind. Thanks. Really tho i would spill orange juice all over me lmfao I'm glad I'm paying all this money for this class to learn about turtles and birds Eww y does look so good today Why has my teacher been late to every class this semester?? I should honestly just turn off my phone because every morning I'm being woken up by phone calls. U hussle 2 get sum1 what seems 2 b the missing piece 2 the puzzle &amp; allow them 2 do their part, just 2 c them Forgetting your head phones &lt; It's easy saying "I'm not gonna let it get to me" but then it fucking gets to me Whining at work because I cannot buy these tickets right now at !!! Why are they not available yet!! It's amazing how just hearing that certain someone's name can trigger your gag reflex . Yuuuuuck ! STOP SMACKING YOUR GUM OMG THERES THIS THING CALLED CLOSING YOUR MOUTH!!!!!! Business Introduction --_____-- Anybody, HELP please!!! I'm never driving my mom around ever again nxx... I swear if that fucking fire alarm goes off one more fucking time, I'm out this bitch lmao That moment when u add friends on snapchat and the notification wont go away for days.... Could this computer load sometime today. I've been waiting for 10 minutes just open my flash drive. Won't be supporting rejecting &amp; forcing an election waste $ in province where 49.2% voted in 2011 I hate driving &amp; spending money!! &amp; I have to do those 2 things today!! can be educated. can be medicated. But there is no cure for When will this math ever be useful in my career in theatre and dance...? NEVER! Whhhhhyyyyyy does my dad make every damn thing complicated If this doesn't change I'll prolly stop watching with all the recycling twisted tales Officially HATE Clash of Clans... OMG I have like 5 exams for the next week :( No I can stand at my desk all day... Really, go ahead and use my chair for your burrito breakfast. Some males don't understand what being friends is Only thing on my mind is finishing one singles 6-0//2-0. Third day in a row the played "all of me" in the bathroom If someone is waiting for your parking spot, get in your car and leave. No need to sit there for 15 mins. Did if khan ey gcd wghu#+6"&amp;:#--hdjdheiwjshh-7#655 Will remember when a certain someone needs me, I will no longer be going out my way for people Every time somebody turns the AC off, my nose starts burning. Love paying 34 to stand on a train for 2 hours all because overbooked again. Cheers -.- Your not funny so stop talking! If i answer you "Ok." ... ... Know that you've pissed me off Really can't seem to please anyone at all Where tf is my stepdad -_- You need to get laid... All I wanna do is get invited on ugh Why am I always so tired? WHY does it take so long to change when i edit the stadium websites CSS That moment when someone takes credit for MY work and steals MY ideas... wow, just wow! This moment when everyone can do what they wan't, only you have to go to school. If you cant drive stay the fuck off the road. Oh my goodness...calm down people. It's not the end of the world if things aren't "perfect." People really know how to push my buttons. I don't care if you eat my food or drink my drinks, but if you finish it off or don't ask me first I'm gonna be mad -_- That shut you up real fast. thank you once again for not fixing my issue. Every time I go in to Joann Fabrics I wait in a ridiculously long line only to buy 1 thing Why is it that every single time there's a game on I have to work? I really only need 18 credits to graduate, but because of the 58 credit rule at a 4 yr university, I need an additional 18 credits I don't even feel like going anymore... The one day I can actually sleep in and I can't.... Crying is not a panic attack. A panic attack is your chest caving in, ribs crushed, not able to breath, real panic. honestly, stop acting like you didn't do shit. Word of advice: if someone ask me a direct question and says my name, let me answer it. Thanks. Why change the 3rd hobbit film title? There and back is much better than the battle of the five armies and it's a give away Why does it always have to be black people speaking on top of their voices and giggling in the QUIET STUDY areas of the library! Fuck you stomach, quit being a pussy. how can the beyonce and jay concert be sold out when the tickets go on sale at 11 and im ON TICKET MASTER at 11.... how... Im so tired of this. You're out of my life for a reason, so stay out of it. Really you're still on the prom thing!? I didn't want to go by my own choice let it go My teacher just woke me up Why are you so childish!? My professor is 20mins late to give me my exam... Leave? Wait longer? Dear basement dwellers, your video games should not be so loud alllll the time. So good.non stop some sort of bill or something braking or needing something new and mainly just spending money on annoying things LT: You would think they would have a working knowledge of what other offices in the college can do for a student. Bitches they Follow and then Un follow. Make up your minds damnit!!! Like I understand you want to make your class more interesting but don't do it at the expense of my grade Whyyyyy does sick so bad? Both the app &amp; when embedded in a website are slow, doesn't load half the time. Currently: sitting in lobby if centennial.. Plans ruined yet again knew it was gonna happen And then they have no business in saying "their" team is going to kill our team in the Really?! Sick of feeling crappy and unwell just wish I knew what was wrong :( Love how I get a third eye &amp; I'm in this sweet16 today Both of you have seen me there every week for the last year..so what makes you think I'm fine with y'all taking that place? I hate getting belittled for being a girl when I do know what I'm talking about with computers. bought some crispbreads at a shop in York, from gluten-free shelf, only to find product had gluten in them. If you can't figure out how to do a problem and you're the professor you shouldn't be teaching Fucking turn your damn music down nobody needs to fucking hear it all the way across the room. So happy you get paid to lecture me on the dangers of the "undesirables" in our country Pet peeve: people who babble. Hate it when my avon orders are wrong Not loving that the Facebook update automatically plays every video you come across on your time line.. If you dont come to class dont come before the final and waste our time with your question DHJFRJNSSLYFCEUJ. That sums up my feelings today. Ok you wanna act like that and get mad I get a different date? Okay makes since, not! Really snapchat just had to become like EVERY other social network. god the people at my school really piss me off. It always are the games that are not violent that make you want to get violent. Bumper to bumper traffic all the way out of tuscaloosa This whole new snapchat crap is confusing me! I hate not being able to swallow &amp; generally feeling like shait When you go to control the music in the office and someone beats you to it &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; I am so sick and tired of the same commercials they air on TV Everyday, play some different commercials for once already! I just want to come to work and have a good day, I love my job not my co-workers!! You owe me two cheese roll ups. I paid for them and everything. To keep my traditional meal, I had to make my own. God I hate getting oil changes at Valvoline... no I don't want my whole car rebuilt just shut up and change my oil I'm so close to blocking your number tbh. If there was a song entitled 'Get your shit together Sherwood Kia' I would make that my song of the day today. frank and oak emails me more than art of shaving. not even back for 12 hours and my car is messed up again. I hate ghetto ass people smfh so ready to go home How the hell does a rock always manage to get in my shoe? Smoking everyday used to not be so damn complicated CAN YOU NOT DO CONSTRUCTION WORK AT 8 AM EVERY MORNING ON WEST CAMPUS THANKS I do not understand why games that force you to be online to play do not have an invisible mode option... someone keeps calling the pretzel store, stays on the line for 30 seconds not saying anything and then hangs up If I can hear you through my decent headphones playing loud music and you're sitting seats away, you're talking too effing loud. . is the Why can't regular fans get tickets to big shows? It's beyond frustrating that TM caters to the rich. Been on hold forever! Car insurance can fuck off! can you please answer my DM ! I have taken time off work for this delivery. I should be writing my essay. Instead I'm putting captions on Facebook pix. And I don't even go on there. Are all girls control freaks?! Fuck ye people! thank god i didnt save my final on my flash drive but i'm bummed that i lost it it had so much fucking work on it annoying when ive finished the pass assignment but the teacher forgot to tell us its meant to be the merit as well when i am talking to myself .....don;t interrupt :/ Sarah is an amazing stylist but this wait time is no joke Really. I cant just enjoy my time with my dad without feeling like I did something. I see him once or twice a year. I am not ok with half-assed! So BEYOND over this shit. You wait an hour after my appointment to let me know the doctor is running behind? I would've never guessed. So schools have a half day today? There are way too many youths blocking my way on the sidewalk. I really wish when I change my notification tone it would actually change. so annoyed phones has been taken by royal mail So I was supposed to film my first youtube video today, but I'm sick. -_ Love how people are rude no aways and don't have any manners I hate when people pull out in front of me when noone is behind me... I hate this place so much!! I have far to much going on in my personal life to deal with other people's stupid shit I hate class right now Why is there always construction going on? I swear, people get dumber and dumber every fucking day. trying to study but the people upstairs are making it super hard What is up with people playing music on buses!!! Painting my nails fucking blows tweet Take care of your sciatic nerve... it's a pain in the a**! Bank holiday coming up and I have to work Sitting in the back of my job. You can tell by my face i dnt want to be here. OMG stop posting a billion selfies on snap story. NO ONE wants to see how ugly you look at every waking moment Pretty funny how a guys plays these mind games...well I got news for ya...I can play them too..#douchebag Why must work give me four hour shifts always Literally fucking stay face timing me while I'm in public... Your 2 cents is not worth half a cent to me, shut it. Sick of folk fucking moaning, put a sock in it! Most stupidest thing I swear. Omg I can't wait to move out!!! Movies on are an absolute disgrace! Constant repeats everyday! Remind me why I pay for such rubbish I'm not twelve, so don't treat me like I'm twelve. Doing a take home test and I can't find any notes on these 2 problems.. Not even about to do this. Someone on our family plan has used up 90% of the data, and I'm sure out wasn't me... It's funny how hypocritical people can be when the situation doesn't apply to them. Why can't some people just leave me alone? Perks of living in a small town? Absolutely nothing!!!! mom is on my last nerve today.. Hash tag some people don't know how to tweeter... a life I wish there was a read receipt for emails I don't have time for little girls and their attitudes! I dont care kuya ok? Just stop. This is why i like sticking to my plans because everyone else is never sure wtf to do ! I just want to get ready and every time I try, someone decides THEY need the bathroom instead of me. my high school teacher back from Russia should stop sending me "TF-dating is easy" requests every few seconds!!!!!!!!!! Sooo fucking annoyed! I just want to move out of my house right now!! People who tweet their whole life are so annoying. Please stop unless its genuinely funny or important. Let's kiss the teachers butt to make her like us Why are kids so disrespectful to their teachers?! Your not funny.. And your being rude.. To the parents that think no one cares your kid cries through the whole store. News flash, I care. Please take your darling outside My pedometer kicked the bucket. Ugh. Feel free to never bang on my door again. Bloody tube strike AGAIN next week Some ppl don't need snapchat! I love meeting authors of books but not when they constantly tell me about the book before I read it. Okay.. Maryville High School has officially gone overboard with the whole "no previous students aloud thing" Broke my 45$ headphones the other day HAHAHAHA OKAY APPLE I GUESS YOU CAN DO THIS FOR FINALS WEEK. I HATE teenagers so much! If one more high schooler photobombs a picture I swear I will take Reese's away forever. I like the occasional hashtag but People attach "ghetto" to the dumbest shits. Shut up, just shut up. Love how I can't hear anything because the apt decides to pressure wash now. If this baby throws this annoying toy on the floor one more time I'm going to throw it at them Parents are supposed to take care of their kids. Where is the warm weather? 50 questions in 30 mins just sets you up for failure I swear to god. Stop asking me if me and mason are together. Yes were together, yes we ha a fight, it's not your fucking concern Oh how the venom flow through my veins right now. -_- Was I wrong in the thinking of you hitting on me? Was that just an assumption of you liking me? Gee Not having our exams graded after 3 weeks is inexcusable. When do you give up trying? Went to buy Matt the perfect wedding cufflinks &amp; it said the only ship date option was for 17-28 days. Don't have that much time what a final few hours, now I am annoyed Am I just a cover up for you? Whenever my brother's on FIFA he just shouts at the TV missing shopping still hasn't arrived from Wednesday and was promised y-day. Still nothing I don't think I ask for too much.. Well come 2 o'clock my phone is going off and I'm isolating myself in my house This kid really wants to get socked One of my neighbors is either skipping or having rough sex. Either way they're obnoxiously loud THERE ARE LITTLE ELVES THAT TURN UP MY IPAD BRIGHTNESS WHEN IM NOT LOOKING IM SURE OF IT Some people really annoy me ! Always expected to be their for them but where are they for you ! Arrgh I wish some people could listen to themselves when they talked. Could this day get any worse? Missing out on everything at mo I've sent about 8 important work-related emails in the past two days and no one is answering me. Someone please tell my we get homework after spending 8 fucking hours in school If I have to call Walmart 4 times to talk to someone, we have a problem! Get it together, people! If you make plans with someonwedays in advance you should fucking follow thru with them. why are apple so incapable of making cables that last longer than a month Slightly pissed off!!! Feel like second best! I am becoming very very tired of waiting... Being in my 6th hour class is like going back to kindergarden Not enough time in the day to get done all the things I want to if you wanna hangout, you let me know cause I'm done trying Y the fuck did I come here? all feelings I wld rather ignore right now What is this crap we listen to in PE? Paedo's are all over London! idk what the point of giving us a break is when we've been sitting here since 11 and just want to leave Not going to lie, that kind of ruined my mood. Why won't let me sort my searches!? Why write that feature out of the new interface!?! Hmm, you can go on fb but not txt me back? Alright, I see how it is This is why I work alone Ready to get on this road. When u cant rely on ppl u shpuld be able too... :\ You have a better chance of getting Snoop Dogg on the phone than getting transferred to the right department of Cox Communications. The moment when someone yu dont want to talk to is coming so yu put both headphonea blasting an they still come to yu -.- It's just the principal. Ask first! i dont think its a big deal . but he already told Hathaway and Hathaway told my grandpop . Ms. Leavitt needs to learn how to put in my grades correctly Constantly Losing Connection on Motog After The Android 4.4.2 Update waiting for Motorola to fix this bug soon. AutoCAD is always slow as heck when I use it. If u work at a bank i think its pretty important to watch what you're doing. Its ppls money you're dealing with! If you spell my name Jessica, kill yourself. It's J-E-S-I-K-A-H. Idiot. Why can't people just tell you what's going on? It's not that hard! Don't tell bitches who you like cos next thing u know is that they're after him Lol 's are for laughing not for use in passive aggressive messages get it straight peeps! If two people are happy together, leave them alone! Too bad people don't listen to this Why it when you're in a hurry no one else is?! Thanks for the "welcome gift" putting a 14 day hold on the first pay check I deposit. Already regretting the switch pleeease tell me why people have to be soo immature and annoying ?! the water heater workers been here for hours and the pool guy comes tomorrow. I was thinking abt switching phone companies, but being told I need to wait 25 mins by Being nice doesn't get you anywhere. My mom can cash my check and then I'll be back whenever I feel like it. My patience today is out the window What a shity ads day.. Glad to be back on the road but my car is still fucked What am I doing with my life.... Can someone tell my why my phone is shutting off at 20%?? Don't call me if you're going to talk to people in the background the whole time. Why do they give you the day off if they're gonna be calling to see if you can go work? Im my own worse enemy. Literally hate myself for this Topped my phone up at 1 and my BBM still hasn't come on My hair is still wet and I showered at 6:30 this morning Dear flight attendant person we're waiting for. Please hurry up, this flight was already delayed 3 1/2 hrs. I have things to do I'm pretty sure you don't need to say every single line of the movie while watching it in class. We can all hear it perfectly fine. Sitting and waiting for to answer the phone so I can upgrade. They sure do avoid taking money, don't they. Ha. I can take a hint. When ur best friends don't act like your best friends and then ask what's wrong.... Our dog just will not be quiet... Dear lady behind us please quit butting into our conversation!!! Why show women shopping in a corp video praising women exes? Would you show a group of executive men carrying arms full of bags? Just stoppppp I don't want to talk I just want to be single Gear linkage just broke on the van But why is the wi-fi nyolz in my room only!?! At isloo airport, annoyed as hell, flight got delayed 4 hours. Nothing to do, Self control with my mouth, God help me. Is CalNet sucking everywhere or just for my laptop? Hate having to get out of the car when your favourite song has just come on! I'd rather no wifi than slow wifi. This is bullshit. Honestly. Happens all the time. I hate it when someone just randomly decides to leave with me without knowing if I want to or not Why must you crave to have everything to be about you? I don't like the new Creeping up on my 6th consecutive hour of studying Can't even enjoy a movie in my own living room Sometimes don't understand people and they frustrate me so much. If i don't reply, it generally means you've pissed me off have so much homework to do this weekend holy fuckkkkkk How come smokers get 26728393 breaks a day?! People need to vae me some shy Do what you gotta do. But don't involve me in your immature drama. I don't do the things I do on purpose stuff happens. Okay I've already committed to a college so can I stop getting a million emails a day from random schools please. If I'm in a good mood don't ruin it! This is like the third time I have thrown my phone on my face. This has to be fucking karma. FUCK YOU!!!! I was not born this day. Am i the only one who doesnt know how to use the new snapchat? The main office really has nothing better to do than contact peoples parents Ever since updated I can't open the app x How the fuck can someone keep the house as freezing as it always is? I hate when people whisper and all I hear are the S's and T's that they are saying. I think it's be a good idea for you to leave me alone. Everytime I'm abouth to come to the conclusion I had a good day someone has piss me off. HAPPENS EVERY TIME!!! I wish people weren't always so selfish and mean. I don't think they realize how bad it makes them look.. Day 3 of being home and I already want to be back in CBUS. I HATE PEOPLE WHO TWIST UP SHIT ABOUT ME. IF I DIDNT SAY SOMETHING DONT TELL SOMEONE I FUCKING SAID IT. Peer reviews are a waste of time. If my paper is going to be reviewed by an idiot, what's the point? &amp; Can't Wait to hit the gym and feel those I LOVE to the stress of the day away!!! Omg we get it you like the video angle. Stop uploading 1951818 screenshots of it. Good God shut your mouth! I wish I had a little luck thrown my way once in a while. What's the point of having a phone when up you never pick up when I have something important to say Too impatient to be waiting on anyone I swear to god plans never go as they are suppose to.... Sleepless weekend ahead of me Quit asking me so many questions!!!!!!! I get enough of that at school!! Forever 21 has the worst fucking return policy ever. those people who make me want to stab my eye out with a fork! I am never going to the dentist with John again. We have been here for over 2 hours. I feel bad for everyone that had to deal with the noises from my toys. Just kidding, my shit never left the car Tired of having to explain myself to other people Can I have the old snapchat back now? I'm not very happy with most of my family these days. Lesson learned: don't let people borrow expensive things from you Banging my head on the wall Its stupid joke Friday. Cause some of these ppl are "stupid" and a "joke". Yet another project due at midnight that I've known about since syllabus week. I have to stop this crap. THIS is what I need right now!! Can't cope with dance politics, stresses me right out And another one bites the dust is it 4:30pm yet?? i dont think i could be here for another minute! Why should I make an effort if you don't even care :P Feel like my hair isn't as light as its supposed to be -_- I feel like I'm never gunna get home. This is some bullshit CTA. Get your shit together. Your actions speak louder than your words and right now your actions are just really pissing me off! why the hell has my twitter decided to follow loads of random spam accounts Gotta love walking through the door and having your mom shove two bills in your face. Good god 50 people in like at Coach because they use stupid hand held things around the store to check people out.... The dmv is the most awful place in the world. Literally have never had a good experience there. You've made it pretty clear that when he's around, I dont matter.... Thanks! why am I NOT getting msgs from ppl with iPhone ...I turned my iPhone in and swiped it clean 99% of time stuff arrives next day, but now that I needed it for weekend it's taking over 2 days instead of yelling at us not to touch Traffic in Radford after 4?! I NEED TO LEAVE OMG You keep tabs on where I'm going and what I'm doing more than my dad ever did... fucking stop. I guess should withdraw from this years IPL .. A team good for nothing... I can't wait to get my G2, I won't have to wait 2 hours for my parents to pick me up argh...when u hav that song in ur ear and want to look it up but don't know the name.... Was supposed to be off at 3. Now I'm closing This Is Whack. Like Wtf. Don't Be Down For Nothing. I will probably be one of the palest girls at prom cause I can't tan til Monday. I swear ever since I moved to altura I been having problems Today has just not been good so far -_- seriously hate traffic! Already cost me 30minutes of my time just to go 3 freaking miles. Ughhhhh!!!! My idiot brother keeps on singing that stupid trumpet song My mood is very odd tonight we know the fire awaits unbelievers, all of the sinners the same in my head. Good song though! I'm about to lose my freaking mind Apparently if I'm listening to music my mom assumes I'm doing nothing else. -__- Keep tweeting about how he doesn't bother you.. That'll show him you don't care Why did I come today? So awkward and no one even needed help I don't have time to party or just chill every weekend! There is money to be made and a future to be sculpted! When your parents decide to COMPLETLY fuck up your plans for the night... I can't take this class and this heat ! k, but more than 2 selfies a day? c'mon now..you're getting a little full of yourself. -.- Pissed off. This should've been done yesterday. Confused why some use religious affiliation as credentials for character. Behavior shows character, not belief. You don't care you're just nosy All cousins Andy's pics from Nashville I keep getting How the hell are you gonna tell my mom that she doesn't care about you!?! whats your problem. I love how I will ask people to switch shifts with me and then they will just not answer me, like at least say no. Between wedding planing and finals I may lose my mind! Perfect time to get sick. Cxc's right there!!! Really virus, really??? Yah of course you would cancel on me last minute smh I love how delays always happen on Friday. Thanks ! An Hour commute from penn to Jamaica is always nice NWTC, why do you suck at answering the phone???? Slowest drive thru ever. They are lucky I'm in dire need of coffee. Stupid person wants to see my apartment now, it's called finals week so go away! Now I have to clean and I don't want to. I think &amp; my upstairs neighbors are a bunch of Rugby players.. The snapchat update might be cool if it made any sense. apparently there is nothing I can do except completely wipe my phone and redownload everything one by one. Don't you hate it when someone says no for something and then after you made all the changes, they say yes! God!! I hate it!! You talk to every guy. Why do my attempts at tuck backs always end up as lazy backs Its so annoying when one of your ears stop functioning If u know I'm insecure about it why do you bring it up every damn day? Shoe stores never have my size Whenever I finally start to doze off my grandma or dad just have to call me tamping with myself for having that Chinese... I just couldn't say no deffo need to go for a run in the morning! My biggest pet peeve in life is people who don't know how to communicate...like it is not that hard to say what you want to say. It's only been 4 days and I'm 100% ready to go back to Orlando Got all excited and nothing... If you're performing a drama, SPEAK UP. There's no point if no one can hear you!! So pissed off right now, they've pissed me off at the wrong time, when I have Maths exams Why even talk about doing something with someone if you just are going to ditch them anyways. I have a friend that's always late &amp; I'm always early. Ion deal with ppl too well. smh Some people are so irresponsible, That moment when you love kids but just certain ones make you wanna rip ur head off Today is not my day. This new Snapchat is one update I never would have made if given a choice &lt;&lt;&lt; hope I get to liking it soon! Tweeted about 5 diff people responded with one liners. Awesome. Every little thing is making me go ballistic. Nothing more that grinds my gears is when i am rushed to leave.. I'm 21 not 85 my cousin keeps asking the same damn thing about 15 times DAYUUM if I'm not texting back that means I'm busy A B+ is like the worst grade I can get, I'd much rather get an A- Sometimes why do I even bother UGH! Why isn't Goodreads still not up! So I'll just take a nap now I respond to your emails within a day so all I ask is that you do the same... Mum thinks she's a dance teacher and thinks she knows what she's talking about The DVD at the library that I checked out "skips over damaged areas" ...... NO. I object vehemently to the elimination of watching it once was enough thanks. Just stepped in gum with my gym shoes I purposely only wear from my car into the gym I swear my dog chews every fucking thing I own up I might as well just rewrite my entire creative writing story. Why do you always bring up Michael? That moment when you have popped up after someone has asked you to and then they don't even reply!! My father is the king at doing things way to damn slow Bought new shirt get to the restaurant to realize they never took off security tag Graduation can't come quick enough. if i get one more add on my screen im going to chuck my laptop out the god damn window! Selena need 2 her mom cause dude driving this so slow Ppl shd stop using hashtags for whatsapp and sms ... It doesnt work you jerks! Don't studying for the night.... Ugh I need to concentrate more. I JUST NEED THE EMAIL TO COME SO I CAN SIGN UP FOR MY TEST I did NOT cancel ANY items, I didn't know you COULD! please explain what has happened? Here it goes again.. -__- Thank god school is almost out and I get to move back home. Why dont people just listen? Stuck at Glory Days. No way I can get downtown for a couple hours. I need to smoke rite about now That annoying moment when u ask ur mom 4somethin she says no but ur brother does and it happens yea that just happened!!!! The is annoying omg plus the conductor stole my round trip ticket with one trip still on it i want my 9 bucks Ugh can you not? I'd like to be able to go through one day without you mentioning "u girl" k thanks. Seriously don't call me baby I ain't your baby Why can I not see photos anymore in my newsfeed I can't have anything of mine to myself without someone nicking it. Twitter is being stupid again, right after I close the app it says I have 33 notifications and I haven't even tweeted in hours Sneaky people are seriously annoying! Can't wait till they r gone or grow the fuck up! This hospital is so slow! People putting photos up where you look crap and they look 'perfect' Not in the mood to talk to anyone today tbh. Like damn I work all day and come home to this? What the fuck ever man. You only talk to be when you have problems so I'm obviously not going to talk to you anymore mad at me for giving my opinion...great parenting Why can I not double tap to reply on the new snapchat?! My dad has to comment on every single thing I do. Seriously people are becoming less dependable to execute plans with. Why even say anything if know you can't go through with them I'm actually sorta mad that ur hanging with him I love dogs but if my neighbors dog doesn't quit barking, I'm going to string it up in a tree. Oh my gosh what is with me talking about relationships and men today? hate it when I can't sleep. This should be obvious...do not appreciate EVER being woken early from naps by slamming dishes and loud talking From once I disagree with Oritse ..He never should of Re-followed her! shes so cheeky after eveything she said I actually liked Spider-Man, until the ending. So what that was in the comics, you've changed enough, you can change that too. Finally found the headphones I've been looking for for a week now tangled up in one of my shirts My friend needs to leave she's yelling and not at the game Hate when I don't get message notifications until I go looking for them then I end up looking like the mean one. maybe things will change if I do things differently there is a difference of being nice and being flirty, most of the time I'm nice, i dont flirt with every girl I see So many levels of irritated right now. People look at me wrong and I'm like what do you want from me?! Could someone please tell "Heather" from "Account Services" to stop calling me about my "credit cards". STAT! I seriously have to dumb everything down for you to actually understand! Spent ages tidying my room then my cat decides to hit everything over Saying please, thank you &amp; being somewhat appreciative is NOT asking too much. It's common decency. I hate it when you call me friend, then lie to me in the same sentence. I'm not stupid. I can see right through the lies, Friend. I've been in the worst mood all day and idk why Clearly I'm trying to study in here. Show them the view &amp; get the heck out, none of you even live here! Need to get a place! Tired of being asked to pay extra every week for bills! Thanks for the heads up that WMG isn't even close to being ready. Hopefully by July? Why do nails always seem to find their way into my tires...and in the most inconvenient times. I hate when the dad calls me and tells me he will be here in like 10 minutes and 20 minutes passes by. SOOO the library closes at 8, but the gym stays open..? my biggest pet peeve ever is when people say they are going to do something and don't. Still trying to figure out why the music in a car has to be so loud that the neighbors can clearly hear every word. Why cant you just understand This is why our generation will be deemed the dumbest generation. The world seriously has bigger problems. I'd love to face plant my wall right now Getting mascara on your eyeshadow&lt;&lt; It's an either or. Me or no. What are those gobshites outside even doing If it's not one thing it's another Omg hateee the new snapchat Mkay. I am what you call a self-saving princess. Don't fight my battles for me. I am very capable of making calls on my own. -.- Mom: Look at that Zebras ears. The ears of a zebra show its mood and they dont seem too happy. We better change the subject. Just because something is going on in your life does not mean it needs to be broadcasted on social media!! Lady, you snap your fingers one more time I'm gonna break them the fuck off. Should it really take 30 minutes to make a malt? running around doing errands for other people... cool I could have done a better pedicure on myself.... Why does my neighbor mow his lawn 3 times a day and at 8pm?!?!? Get a life!!!! Wtf trying to relax here, The amount of inconsiderate people in the world disgusts me My capture software is SO ANNOYING! It only uploaded 3 quarters of the video to YouTube! Why do people have to read into things more when it's actually not a big deal!? There are Chinese people behind me at dinner talking in Chinese and I CANT DO IT I really don't feel like living here anymore. You guys are straight up assholes. Someone please kill me multiple times. I have a mountain on my face!!! Worst part of playoff hockey is that NBC sports has the coverage and they jerk off whoever is playing the pens the entire time. if I had of know listeners could win tickets 2 meet I would of been listening day&amp;night I am myself been just so frustrated today.. Ugh this damn mood swings I'm on lunch and the work phone keeps ringing Okay snapchat you can start working any day now! wokeup by strange sounds ek wil net dudu Apparently I'm always, always, always wrong. Elsewise people wouldn't jump at every chance to correct me. I dont even want to go to prom my phone died and i have no charger Why do people like to stare at me when driving?!??! Hate it when the dumbest shit just annoys me to piss. Trying really hard not to air my dirty laundry so this tweet will have to do instead. None of this info is staying in my brain Needa get shit together for prom . Austin and San Antonio malls freakin suck compared to Dallas. If you knew how hard it would be for me to live without him.you'd quit telling me how hard it's gonna be to stick with him.. Everyone has that one really immature friend. You think you can do whatever you want &amp; get away with it, well I got news for you, you can't . I just found out why live nation was fucking up &amp; as a result I didn't get my haim tickets. Fuck you Jay-Z &amp; Beyonce I've been punished for speaking my mind -.- Jake left the house at 8:30 for work and won't be home for another 20 minutes! I cannot stand when girls let their boyfriends control everything they do and hold them back from having fun. Its really sad how companies now in days rely so much on automated services to the point you can't get a live person. My neighbor has been weed eating since 4:15... GIVE IT UP gotta love shares on Facebook that when you see them all you think is you are the most fake person known to man. This is exactly why I don't get out of my room. I hate when people let me down...I'm getting sick of it. Maybe it's finally time for a change Thank God I have family in Vegas It's a shame you realized too late that you had made a mistake. I have sent 2 emails now because of a faulty item I got sent to Australia, is anyone ever going to get back to me Babysitting was not what I wanted to do on a Friday night... Why do people insist on telling me details an inch at a time? If it's wrong, just tell me how to fucking fix it. First three minutes of didn't air! :-( Saw first three mins of Kitchen Nightmares then it cut back to why won't you guys play by why you guys so stingy?? I'm so sick of being the one blamed for this. I could care less what you do anymore. PLAY BY I know you have the track, but you won't play it!?!? WHY!?!? You really get on my nerves. That awkward moment they play "do you want to build a snowman" At this wedding. this is exactly why I don't try to do anything around the house im always yelled at for it and never appreciated We may be blood related, but I would have no problem kicking you in the throat If I don't get out of my house I'm probably going to explode Hate when people just use my things without even asking you! Steups worst yet you use out all of it. Like seriously wtf! LOVE when my room smells like a campfire. Move your stupid fire pits!!!! Dont tell me to turn something on TV if youre not gonna be in here to watch it Like being ignored by people. At least tell me your busy or dont wanna talk. Sometimes I just get more and more excited to move out in 4 years.... Why is the wifi at starbucks so slow? Why do I always sit by the people that leave their seats a million times during a game? People bother me so much My room has to be "organized and neat" for your guests but yet you throw boxes ALL OVER MY ROOM! using twitter on your computer isn't the same as using it on your phone I can be having the best time and as soon as I get home my parents ruin everything. Why are my brothers so tacky? I have good grades.. What else do you want from me. I think if I ever ranted on Twitter, it would be all about how crappy is. Bitch, bitch, bitch and bitch some more... Please! I may have a drinking problem and you might be the reason. the older I get, the less impressed I am with fayetteville school districts admin. I wish something would go as I planned for once If you judge someone based off of what they have, whether that be a lot or a little, you really need to get over yourself my mom is somethin else Guys who take 5 hours just to text you back are so annoying My break was like super late. Ugh. I'm probably gonna take an extra long on. I just can't go out yet. Ugh. I seriously can not take today. My best advice for you is to f*ck off. Baby on the bus! It won't shut up. When someone you don't care to speak to just continues to keep talking...like Wish my freaking boyfriend wasn't working so he could take me to Midnight Madness tonight. I live in the Twin Cities. Why am I not seeing the game right now? I can't stand when people owe me money but yet find the money to buy everything else! Damn, it must be fucking rough having parents that buy you anything and everything... Wish I would have gone to the rodeo.... then I wouldn't be having to work tomorrow. That moment when my phone says it doesn't send and really it does why is it so difficult for some people to pronounce Parise... I mean come on!! I wish you didn't have to always rely on me to do these things Tired of This , people are Sooo annoying . Just stop talking to me ! can girls and guys not be friends anymore? bc people immediately think they like each other when they talk. Dad buying me stuff and planning trips together is NOT going to make me forgive you How the fuck does the button turn blue to video on snapchat? ugh there's always a ped day on the days when you want to see someone at school I have a prom date, and no prom dress. It's an I hate everyone type of day Who tf is stealing my shit? Inside my house I'm freezing covered up in a blanket and outside I'm dying of this heat! These trains never seem to disappoint. I really needed him today... But nope he don't wanna be here... Biased refs and biased announcers I should just put my entire paper in quotes and cite it all in one pop. Liars. That's the shit I don't like. I literally hate being home Fridays. I'm like the invisible child You would think nurses would know when to be quiet! Having 2 glasses of wine and going to bed but where are my fucking keys!! just spent an hour searching everywhere!! You're really starting to get on my nerves... You can stop talking anytime now! spent most of the day reading a book &amp; 3/4 thru I deleted it off my phone because it started going places I didn't want it to. Thanks for "trying" to be there for me Sometimes, people just annoy me and I'm just like: I love how people think they know my life so well. Why doesn't my dad understand that soccer is always before everything else... Youre about to lose another friend I'm so fed up with everything!!! Third time in a row I've gone to and they were out of meat ball.... Guess I'm not eating fresh today... I'd really like my package Canada customs. It doesn't take over a week to figure out its clothes. I'm so glad I get invited to go places.....at least an invite would have been nice!! This gig starts in 20 min. Where are my high top tables? Switch on my iPad after almost a week just to find out that it's out of battery!!!!! IT ANNOYS ME THAT TWITTER FORCES FOLLOWS AND I HAVE TO KEEP CURATING MY ACCOUNT. Do you know how to judge? I guess not. She messed up the whole song and she got a ten. Stop. Just leave. So i guess i cant clear my feed on snapchat now? Common sense is so uncommon Why must anger = driving like an idiot I hate when people accuse me of shit I didnt do. The reason why I am not tired is probably because I was asleep for 2 hours at 5-7! I wish everyone would leave my house... yup. new platform . .shit still not working properly and the customer svc sucks smh If you say you're gonna do something, then DO IT. I want to have a job so I can have money cause I fucken hate asking parents for shit cause they always bring it up When is it okay to know someone is trying to sleep and just walk in and start up a conversation?! we're only friends because you just rant about your crush and how your not good enough Leave it to you to ruin my night right after I get home. Why do drunk girls think its necessary to scream at the top of there lungs... I dislike how my older brother is taking responsibility for something he shouldn't. if im happy doing something &amp; you dont like it , its not gonna stop me from doing it I should've gone to the lake. Seriously wish my neighbors would stfu it's 11:30pm!!!!! Go to bed. I can't stand when people touch my stuff without asking. Nobody even think about messing with me right now. Kj has the worlds worst friends I swear he'd do anything for them but he could never get anything in return. This shit is getting really fucking old. What happened to people with a GOOD AHEAD ON THEIR SHOULDERS?! Be respectful!! one more person text me "let's hang out" and offer no plans. Who ever put a undo button on iPhones needs to die right now, I could really use a drink right now... definitely more than one Don't get why people have phones when they never answer -_- Do intelligent people sometimes feel like putting there books down and sleep? Dislike when people can't make decisions About to go jump off a cliff here in a few seconds what I snap chatted the bae tonight..... Elena does NOT deserve Damon. In my opinion she should stop even breathing this is how I feel about you right now Why the fuck is this couple arguing outside for the whole neighbour hood to hear!? Y'all cant argue inside!? Seriously... If I want to complain about something I will do it on my own twitter... This tight as scarf on my head ugh but I must be cute When people don't text back I'm here like k whatever. Quiero ir al gym, necesito ir al gym! Ughhh wish this nigga would stop blowin up my phone I wonder what's it's like to be a grown adult &amp; have everyone else in the world picking up your slack.. People that talk to you while there's still involved with their exes... Shit, I feel like shit! But when I look out the window across the street the festival area they put up is empty. &amp; &amp; exactly what you promised wouldn't happen I really wish I could hear my neighbors music BLARING, and the people above me stomping everywhere. Damn harden makin up for every missed shot this series Trying to study and nothing is clicking. Gonna make for one heck of a finals week! I have never known someone to turn down help when they are the only one left doing their job Someone else bitch at me I love it. After all these years my stupid phone is messing up and it's getting on my nerves! I can barley do anything on my phone now. NOBODY WANTS TO SEE YOUR UGLY BASTARD CHILDREN!!!!!!!!!!!!!! people poking the camera with their monopod sticks lolol angle naman Why do i keep waking up at ridiculous o'clock! Bloody sleep Lucy!!!!! I fucking hate not having my truck, I'm stuck at home while all my friends are out having the night of their lives This is why I enjoy being at my own house....can't wait until tomorrow Do intelligent people sometimes feel like putting their books down and sleep? I got this phone like 1 month ago and it decides to shut down every time I have like 50% battery left Those people who do nothing for the cause but still get all the glory and take all the credit drive me crazy! Don't be saying i'm doing something I'm not. I wish ppl would stop posting a million pictures of there kids a day. Seriously I get that's what they look like Did I miss again?? Errr! Don't know how to make it anymore clear. My mom is the only person who manages to piss me off this badly during this time of night Last time I checked, I can do whatever I want! There are just some people that just get on your last nerve but you can't stop hanging with them i love how everyone thinks their opinion is so important &amp; they can be so critical without caring if its rude or hurtful Wht's the issue with ur online top up keep failing! Don't you hate it when you get that horrible feeling somethings wrong right before you go to bed It is FUCKING HOT in my room. Honey, their not going after you cause your "pretty", your just easy. Learn the difference. When people never let you forget the past That's exactly why I'm taking my ass to sleep not even going to start good night I hate being the only one sober Bitching at me when in fact I did call to make sure y'all going &amp; you guys JUST changed plans now expecting me to be cool. It's all fun and games until you get stuck in a group chat with your ex... Sick of everythin bein my fault. Can I just get wasted already? In about a three hour span, I have heard "Talk Dirty To Me" four times. I now have it stuck in my head Some people get away with so many things. Seriously. If I step on a damn ant the whole world breaks loose. if your going to have a party, have a party... if your going to be obnoxious, SHUT UP AND GO TO BED!!!! i feel like an elderly person learning how to use technology for the first time. I opened my twitter N nearly had a heart attach_ I found tweets posted of women's butox on my account that I didn't even post Can't wait to pop this kid out, I am so uncomfortable I never sleep. Grumpy fucking gnome selfie!!! This what happens when you take away my sleep! I've had the hiccups for over 30 min. i dont feel good and i just wanna sleep I try to avoid using iTunes whenever possible. It's slow and glitchy and incompatible with everything under the sun Why do u pretend to care!! When really u could care less I think me and ere are on the same page right now! I don't know how I feel about getting lied to by the one person who claimed they never would lie to me. Pretty much over people who make no effort in maintaining anything. Those were the most annoying kids I've ever sat by at a baseball game &amp; the parents didn't do anything about it service at my house rocks.....not Arent you suppose to be the mature one here Dont wanna be home rn. Nothing irritates me more than when people fall asleep on me Getting really annoyed right about no Rafael Sarafin is a bitch made weak ass fuck boy who ain't bout shit. And he also lags to get ready. I don't understand why I'm still awake Living the rappers outside my window. I hate when you can't put into words how you're feeling. Having a domestic worker is such a challenge, people have issues nje My dad thinks he's some fckn fitness expert. Short texts are just unacceptable with me. You either wan to text me or you don't. The past is the past. Would be nice if people would just let it go, and move on with life. I hate going downtown because people annoy me - even worse being dd I missed so much action today it seems like shit really popped off Fuck everyone. I'm getting portillos chocolate cake tomorrow. When people dont text back fast. Like omfg go die. good morning everyone :) rainy day today Like its 2 in the morning why are you drinking a beer? I need to learn to not let little shit like this get to me Blah blah blah that's all I am hearing Seriously? This is not the first song i wanted too hear. Bus Drivers are so stubborn and rude 50 mile round trip... No such thing as a spare key??? Why you're always wala sa ayos?? Eerrr!! Just because one person decided to leave when possible don't mean you have to talk shit about them. Sorry to be so angry, but seriously no one cares. Never fails. If I have to wake up early, not gonna fall asleep until well after midnight. I've had 3 doctors all tell me different things about my knee. I just wanna know what the next step is Could have been at a wedding in Hungary right now but nooo i had to have two exams next week! Hate downtown for the fact that at the end of the night I have no idea what the fuck is even going on Hey family how about before going into my room and using my computer and taking shit that isint yours, ask me first teacher decides to put me in charge of grade 9 farewell video.... :/ Waking up to rain not helping recovery...not hearing much from right ear. I just hate when people leave u hangin on a convo I will not tweet About bcz no words can describe what i feel :( Owh and two Blaine duets and one Blaine solo to end the season? Why not change the series to Blee? When people scratch your car and don't pay for it Go party in the mountains. Not a fucking hotel. I don't care if your wedding is tomorrow. Tonight was an epic fail! Why am I awake already? Don't have work till 12!!! Wow. Received my schedule at 12:45AM....about fucking time!! Idk why it so hard to find a gas station open after midnight The good ones should be open all night not only till 11 If my apartment office is open tomorrow I'm going in to complain about the people that constantly take my parking spot. Maybe going to the show with a black eye!! Some people really do have some cheek xxx Ugh "light sleepers" who can't hear there themselves snoring loud af right next to you! Some people don't understand that no literally means fucking no do you have the address to make a complaint and get a full refund How is it the morning i dont have to get up early im awake at 7 and im wide awake now? Booked this morning and they have given me the wrong dates!! We can't go!! I wish I didn't work so damn late.. Y'all niggas just don't get it . - so quick to debit money out my account but when it's your fault you take a week to reverse payment! I've been trying to order a cab for 30 minutes. ugh I work at 6 today I need to go to sleep Stop being a tool and go away!!! WHY do people contact me for irrelevant ass shit! like no, leave me alone damn! Reason why I don't like white girls. Have to tell you Every dam thing. Were the fuck is the common sense now a days?#night Sick off feeling like this :( wish I just new what was wrong with me Why were there so many damn people at the gym? My brother &amp; his friends got to go. Happily slap all the guys I work with. Djsjsnsishsydysusn if i don't get any sleep tonight i will be the biggest bitch tomorrow. Without turning off my phone?! Lmmfao!!! Photo: Without turning off my phone?! Lmmfao!!! I made a perfectly good lunch and you just chuck everything into a plastic bag and ruin it-.- I will never be leaving my phone unattended again Prom dress is ready for me to go pick it up, don't even wanna go get it! So sick of all the stupid cold water challenge videos If you keep doing something than tell everyone how much you hate it, than why the fuck keep doing it? I swear Bella 's attitude is getting worse &amp; worse Ziyarah, ziyad and zayaan are driving me insane early morning . Seriously I could have been out doing far worse! Why ask the question if you can't handle "no" being the answer? Well I guess I can live off 2 hours of sleep Why am I awake right now? It's so awesome to be awake for no reason drunks who hit you thinking it's soft when really it feels like a sucker punch.stubid fudgerrrr! Wish somebody warned me that iPhones don't bounce! Can't deal with this crap WTH did I give him my number?! But since when did my house become the crash pad for anyone and everyone? I woke up and i pooped in my diaper. My mom is still asleep so she cant get a new diaper for me. Totally love that I was in such a good sleep, then being woken up and now I can't get back to sleep! That's not what I deserve It is possible to call in a noise complaint on your own apartment We got the bohemeth and the gay midget that thinks they run this place. Just a guy. Then found he was married. Tell me in advance and let me make the decision. This big fat cunt that lives above me walk so fuckin heavy she woke me up dead outta my sleep taking my sewing machine to a repair shop Traffic yohh omg n am late My brother has been watching 'Frozen' since 9am I just want to check my bags... it's freaking rude as hell! Insensitive people piss me right off! People are much worse off than you so stop your winging Is it frowned upon to hit you right now?! I have a talent lmao i can do a lot pf thing wih my Recorded basketball last night. Watched all of it and then recording cuts off 2mins from end. The weather is only nice when I've gotta go to work. How the hell can you loose my parcel when I drove all the way to East London to collect it? Hate it when people change plans and don't tell me I seriously asked for one thing. Having stomach flu. Seriously not cool. Im doing sunrise later. Bloody hell. Tml can't sleep, off to grandma hse. I'm in France not England so I don't want shitty English weather.. Woke up still tired. How is that possible? That annoying person who only has vegys on their plate &amp; you are eating everything unhealthy...mxm This girl is a complete idiot Could be at westham vs spurs right now but no I'm stuck at work! Such a lovely morning out there so annoyed I left my workout gear under my desk at work So upset I couldn't go to my cousins wedding in VA My dads just enjoying right now, flying out so quickly! Need to catch up on my shows before I read anymore spoilers! ikr same! The time changes are so annoying cos im in the uk and ur in the us! People who eat crisps on the bus infuriate me. I wish Australian TV could handle a little bit of wind! "They're scientific instruments, not water pistols! If your waiting for me to give a fuck good luck on that buddy! Aristide bance wasn't even born in burkina Faso he was born in ivory coast Abidjan Why is everything taking ages to load Wish I didn't have exams so I could be at shindig tomorrow. Love waking up early on a Saturday when I could be sleeping in for several hour longer! Hate it when I want wok to walk and our discount card is not in the shop!!! Wearing this stupid dress cos I hv to go fr a wedding dinner =.= I really need to get some studying done - but I have this massive headache! ! Hate this co driving bs what is happening on M25!? massive accident? All lanes closed! Stand still traffic! Can't believe I had to miss training this morning in the sunshine because of work Finding the perfect dress for the - only comes in petite - as if you two are out travelling again Bombers playing some frustratingly habitual football at the moment Omg stfu already!!! I am getting beyond annoyed with the same shit just different days!! Dont know why i bother if no-one bothers to ask if its okay?! I wish I had a reason why I only slept 4 1/2 hours even tho I have no work today, but I don't. Why is it whenever you want something, it's never easy to get. Always hard work. I am so sick of fake people. Don't do that, please! &gt;.&lt; Pffft they do say u can choose you friends but not your family When someone is so stupid and just cant stop being an enormous jackass No one gives a damn if you're not eating in Subway any more. More for us I say! Take your racist comments elsewhere! &gt;.&lt; I cant even understand all the damn things she say. Even one. Aargh, so annoying ! &gt;.&lt; There is nothing i can do with my hair Can't be bothered with your lies Please note that once again, the speed of my WiFi internet connection is currently equivalent to that of a moving snail. Motherfuckers! Always delaying my flight People know how to ruin your day idk if it's bc I never had my french yet or I'm just exhausted of coming in 6days straight it's only 4am, these birds need to stfu! dunks coming in clutch and no toasting my bagel Why is my brain so awake right now? I can't fall back asleep What have I don't wrong to u...nothing...so what the fuck is your problem with me !!!!! Please stop killing sharks humans!! For every human killed by sharks, 2 million sharks have been killed by humans." My thought of the day: is a company which shouldn't exist. Don't make me register to get WiFi. Dear Skin, I'm 33 stop with the Zits. White Lake, NC Proceeding to attempt to fall back asleep but it is not working very well. Not impressed, the 12 bus is supposed to run every 10 mins and I've been here for half an hour!!! Absolute rubbish today Cricket called off for a dry square called off at 10:30 when we start at 12 4 phone calls to customer service to sort my tariff! Let's hope you get it right this time and the you reimburse me correctly! Trying to reslove ipod issues Nun like waking up and being demanded shit like seriously don't come at me like that first thing in the morning Soooo not going to game ... We would ALL really appreciate it if you could quit tweeting every 5 minutes. It's sunny and I am so ill searched the house for my lost p.e textbook until I gave up and ordered a new one.. just found it with my brothers revision books It's hard to record with a broken mouse... Nice to know that people know stuff about me before I do! Omg stfu and do you Job you the manager I don't ever want to work. Why must people talk so loud? UGH Parking in the city is a mess this morning. I just love being woken up early by my brothers loud music... NOT! When you're waiting at the bus stop and the bus drives right passed you I hate waiting for a late bride! So inconvenient, and selfish. I have things to do! Why did take away the clear feed button? Can't watch a video and this won't go away! I'm so tired of seeing Frozen everywhere! It's a good movie, but it's not that good. Really just can't shut up and enjoy the moment. Ppl act so stupid when they get in front of people About the worst possible weather for moving All these tweets having to do with love is really annoying. Attention whores How do u see the hourly/daily weather on the new app!? I cannot believe that I am up right now ... Was looking to have a lovely long sleep after an overnight.. Only to be woken by my Dad.. Drilling! :( Please be a little bit more immature Exs think it's okAy to call you at 5am just to talk and I'm like nigga we not together you lost that privilege!!! TF you mean!! It is not my day at all could you text or whats app me hunni got a new phone and lost all my contacts Tell me about it! 30 points today - missed 9 putts from inside five foot - aaaaaargh! I hate that my stomach automatically wakes me up so early. Like no this is sleep time not food time. -_- Probably the only person who could find it to hard of a challenge to open a caprison Why do I have to drag y kids out of bed during the week but on the one day I can sleep they get up at 6am? So glad I don't waste money to go to concerts when I see pretty much the whole damn thing on snapchat!! Urgh missing out on a family celebration when im stuck at work I love Wes &amp; all but I'm deff The one who pays for everything the point in a group presentation is working as a team and not ignoring the ONE person who is actually trying to get it done Going on 2.5 hours that I've just been laying here waiting for to get up.... Hate when the littlest of things annoy you Other peoples annoying, loud ass little banchi screamin monsters runnin around wakin the whole damn house up I think the universe has something against me and driving. like actually i think she was the last girl to get on the bus I swear I'm gonna flip on the next dunkin donuts cashier that asks me if I want cream in my latte! Know how to make coffee please! I don't like how when I send more then one snapchat to someone it only shows up as one unless I swipe left In a weird mood today!! Just want to punch EVERYONE in the face Today should just not happen. I'm over it and I want to go back to sleep. You have a master bathroom. Please tell me why I'm now late for work because you're in my bathroom?! You brushed color on my hair. That's it. Don't say it was fun. Am I really waiting in line for this guys shoes tho Love when you wake up and out of no where realize your phone speaker has busted for no reason? Thank god I don't have to deal with these old farts later I just want 1 Saturday that I don't have to get up early &amp; go work for my mom. I want to sleep in &amp; then go to the gym. that one song I can't seem to find &gt;:( Amazed at how stupid people can be about sitting in right row or right seat. want to start my homework n the guys next door throw a party.. Great! Awesome! lovely day Monday is gonna be... Pissed off wasnt yours to go and show you guys need to get rid of the account bound BS at least for friends I'm glad to see you care Did not anticipate how this day would turn out! Must be ignore Natalie day today! You don't even care, you just act like it. And if you do what's up with them? When unexpected house guests arrive and you run quickly to your room because you're not wearing a bra. Seriously spent 5 mins blowing chons phone up. Sunny day and I'm still studying If you want to come fishing at my house... DONT COME UNTIL I WAKE UP! Atleast because 1: your trespassing 2: im sleeping! Like, for real. I don't even play in games. School is just a hassle. Everything seems more like a chore than it does enjoyment. Thought eating smash would be good on my throat, it was, however has just made me sick I can already tell how today is going to go. So my snapchat automatically changed Why can't I ever figure out how to use a can opener?! How can a 3 yr old already have like 1000 words said for the day already and its 945.. -____- I'm not in the mood Why is there no match of the day on Suday??? And its on at 10:50 on Monday? I seriously hate when people don't text back. I know you read that shit. and I know I'm just being cray cuz of graduation Why do people say they'll spend the whole day with you if it's only a couple of hours in the end Getting fours for the past week has been so awesome No but really my parents think I'm made of money... I need to teach everyone here how to do laundry. Damn kid i really didn't think I was gonna miss you all like that... wtf at myself by you I can't handle you sometime... You are my aunt. You have known me since I was 6. Why are you still misspelling my name???? Just want to get out of this place now. When a guy has to try and convince me he's a good person to get to know,then all I see is a red flag. Never heard of this place and you are freaking out of time.... sometimes family really knows how to piss you off It would be pouring down rain on the day of my brothers wedding Now a days you have to literally book a place years ahead to get a spot on the beach My sleeping schedule is so fucked up!! So many people on Facebook need Twitter. Why does not tell you the time of the snaps anymore? I REALLY can't wait until my roommate moves out!!!!! crying out of frustration is the worst type of cry You had nothing to do with this. Y does the power keep going out? Bf is leaving me for a day. I really wish people would just speak the truth the first time. Is there a Saturday when I can wake up without the noise and smell of the ppl cooking in my kitchen. 1-0 to the Black Cats at OT Don't you just hate bad news.. Why does my printer always say paper jam when there isn't one..after 30 min of hitting random buttons it works? I don't pay thousands of dollars for a school that won't even tell me my grades Can't wait this to be oveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer ! Thank u Ughhh i been trying to watch this one video just one why wont you load faster Sick of hearing about prom. Can't wait til it's over. Then everyone will post there stupid pictures, and finally move on. I didn't come home to do all the cleaning and shit you put off doing for 3 months Give me fucking strength!! if not to put up wit shit.. To knock the shit outta sum1!!! Why do I have to get sick on the most important days? sometimes i wanna high 5 people .. in the face .... with a chair Go date an ugly girl if you're worried about guys looking at me. I don't understand Why you agree to things after you say you're not going to do it!! Mother rang me 4 times at 4am my time ugggghh TIME DIFFERENCE should always be considered before waking someone up 0 on my coding final because it submitted 2 minutes after opening it. Work better go by fast today. Already All these dang parks and you chose to come park right beside me I got 99 problems but you won't be one . Good message and movement, but annoying. I continue to get emails from and even though I have unsubscribed. I don't know what made my mom think that I wanted to go sit at her work and volunteer with out her being there. I wanna take photos at Washington square but don't have time this ruined my day! Why on earth do I keep getting calls and texts (addressed by name!) about loans and PPI? Which company is selling my details? I'm about to get dressed, I got stuff to do today You've already sent me 10 messages and I haven't answered. STOP. I really don't understand how one person can annoy me so much. Sony would NOT promote MJ'S Invincible CD but will now in 2014 promote unfinished songs! all I want to know was how you thought your test went on Thursday It's actually impossible to get a screen for my phone argh Can't wait until they 're finished working in here. This dust is going to be the death of me! I'm gonna bleach away at everything! Got woke up for fucking nothing Yay UTI... ugh this sucks. My do my parents have to be that stubborn?! That moment when your headphones die in the middle of your cardio session.... Seriously Sonic this is ridiculous. 30 minutes and still no food? Dont know why I bought a bikini for spain...I dont suit them :( Be proud your soldier wants to defend his country and support him instead of bitching about everything. And here I am again checking my phone every 5 seconds... My phone keeps vibrating for no reason! My sister refuses to listen to my music in the car because it's not in English I should not have poked this bear People that just want to be "right" make really bad collaborators. And I mean *really* bad. instead of 3 greeters and only 2 tellers working your branch, let's get more tellers and not chat while in line. Sometimes I just want to be left alone. Why don't people understand that? I really can't stand when I'm trying to explain something and the other person sitting there being a smart ass!!!! I hate when your texting someone and you can see that they read it an they don't text back The amount of bullshit I been putting up lately is fucking unreal! Jeez, some people by! Ohhhhh Apple.... You disappoint me a little more everyday! Off to the Apple store to get a replacement charger. Honestly wonder why I even got out of bed this morning This phone done ring bout 30 times today!!!!! Target in St.Louis Park is the Walmart of all Targets Your ignorance pisses me off Walk all the way to my bank and the fucking arm is out of service I love how on the day I plan to move out my mother doesn't tell me we are having my little brothers bday party. Ohhhh myyy GOSH I cant ever sleep in any more and its so damn annoying!! All I wanna do is sleep till lik 12! &gt;:( People's inability to drive is really getting under my skin today. Gonna be a long trip to the DMV at this rate. Why do some people YELL when they talk on the damn phone? This baby really needs to stop crying! Trekked all the way here and you can't call/text after 49 mins. Ok. Next time you trekking from Brampton to east end. I'm seriously so sick of the same shit every single day Pfft my boss tells me not to come in today then his boss asks why I didn't show up. Walked all the way to my bank and the fucking ATM is out of service What in the hell happened to doing her birthday together? I'll make sure not to invite anyone to my party for her I guess. I wish this African would stop calling me.. Can you not clear your log on snapchat anymore? You would think that if someone doesn't Facebook you back you'd stop trying? I HATE WHEN MY FAMILY FOLLOWS ME ON INSTAGRAM OR TWITTER! LIKE NO YOUR FRIENDS WITH ME ON FACEBOOK THATS ENOUGH!!! Rochdale let me down for 649 ..... Can't even win against 10 men !! There needs to be not at many people on campus ~ Whenever i`m busy, people always need me. Like seriosly. I wish 16 &amp; pregnant would get cancelled already. Got my out,ready for a lovely ride down The Lines- only for my tyre valve to break! Grrrrrrr! Story of our season. Yet another hapless performance. why is EVERYBODY anoying me today At myself! Rightly said one wrong step &amp;1000 years of regret.. It blows my mind how rude some people can be When someone tilts their phone when you're looking , you know they're hiding something But like I still don't understand people. Beware with every word come out from our mouth What a bad start to the day - oyster expired and I forgot my card at home Bad hair day, definitely not going out... I guess i should get some coffee in me because i couldn't fall back to sleep. Bend over backwards for people and get nowt In return! It's ok to be annoyed when things are actually annoying and there's nothing proactive I can do about it! is a strange word To all that don't know Massachusetts and Boston are no where near each other Can't wait to have a drink why do my parents have to be that stubborn?! Since i have to work again during the spring game maybe watching Dirty Dancing while reconciling the bank account will cheer me up Sitting at the dentist office waiting to be called knowing there is a hockey game on... win it for P.K. I will not punch anyone. I will not punch anyone.... don't talk to me like that My mom says we need to get going immediately and right when I'm ready she decides she has time to roll a cigarette. WTF. It's gonna be 1.5 hours for a simple oil change, even though I have an appointment. wtf I haaaate when people ask for shout outs I just wish some people would LEAVE ME ALONE when I say bye like 50 times!!! I've only been here for an hour and a half and I am already done Gave public safety a lot of sass. Oops. I'm so tired of seeing the pic of Justin bieber kissing other dudes on my twitter. It may be my parents' house, but that's my kitchen! Don't clean it! Don't do anything! Just stop!! When somebody puts effort into making plans... it only takes 1 person to ruin them I don't understand why people don't use headphones or put their phone on vibrate Some people really need to get a life.. And please please .. Stop acting as if you are a celebrity .. Cause you are simply not ! What is wrong with my siblings? If anyone ever needed proof that I break out in hives when my skin gets wet, that proof is here. Everyone knows everyone and there will always be someone who is somehow related. It's so mutual Why must everyone be related Just got my hair cut and if it's not back down to my waist by the end of the month I'm chopping it all off I've never understood why people drag things out would be great if these hiccups would go the fuck away! don't expect me to talk to you like that Old people should really not have Apple products. Ok now I have to go yelling at these people Why is my family so psychotic?? Sometimes I want to slap my ex!!!! Uuuuughhhh!!!!!! Why do people have to make plans so complicated!!! I hate when people are yelling in the background and I'm on the phone. Today can be over already. No matter how good you are at doing makeup there's always one eye that ends up better. It's Saturday.... I'm not doing anything all day, so that means I can get alot of homework done. BUT I CAN'T FOCUS! Uploading a video to YouTube should not take an hour and a half How fukn annoying!! Literally walked into the store n walked out Anyone in ARIZONA able to buy tickets besides the Fan Club GA and VIPs? There is NOTHING on the site. just one phone conversation with my mother is enough to make me not want to go home... My car shouldn't burn through gas like this How old do you think i am? How old do i look? Why can all these basic bitches do a wing &amp; i cAnt Why when women fill their plates up with food, they automatically say "I'm such a fatty"? Fucking eat what you want and shut up Never fails. Every Saturday/Sunday when I want to layout/take a nap, the neighbors get their power machines out. Ugh! It's heartbreaking I tell you phone less for nearly 30 hours upto now and no end in sight ATM Just pisses me tf off that I have to get cussed out bcuz people don't do what you want them to rdy to just stop answering calls! I hate being this far from home then being sick OMG! I hate when my mom's side of the family comes over! I wish everyone didn't stress me out so much. I just wanna crawl in a hole and be alone for like a week I swear oml this little boy talks sooo much. Looks like has definitely lost my business for buying mine and wedding bands Why do my eyelashes always fall out into my eyes when I'm wearing makeup. Pay attention to your kids!!!! When your child has to say "mamma" more than once ANSWER THEM! Hanging With My Cousin... Ughhhh!! GMT!! Lmaoo When things don't go as planned, time for plan B.. Nothing like losing an hour of edits due to computer not saving your document. Thought I was but am just I hate going to the doctors. They always tell my I have allergies no matter what's wrong. If I tell you that I'm going to do something then I'm going to do it when I have a chance. Don't keep badgering me about it Think ill just take my nap now I swear if this bitch preaches to me about how me being gay is such a sin and I'm gonna go to hell one more time.... Prom was stupid. I'm sick of seeing pictures of the dresses you spent hundreds of dollars on that you'll never wear again. Can my dad like shut up and just go to work and stop complaining Ughhh I hate when shit goes wrong with my car randomly n then I have to get it fixed. ! my housemate is watching a nigerian movie like seriously really should I be going through this of all things My phone is not sending iMessages!!! You know... Maybe if you wouldn't fucking make fun of me every time I open my door, I'll be a bit nicer. Got myself so hyped up and now we can't go. Come on people, don't be THAT bridesmaid I have it when every thing is giving to you on a sliver plate... And you don't do anything! To much ass kissing going on today People should start to grow up and get over it ! No point in being here if you haven't helped or supported me the whole time. Note to self: don't let your parents drive with you I'm sick of this family drama , it's ridiculous ... Like 4 why When I ask you to go away that means fucking leave. I'm so tired of "military time". Get my boyfriend home now!!! Being ignored is honestly the worst feeling in the world. Sooo I'm working on my day off..both my mangers aren't here..this office is a mess and there aren't any batteries! Smfh I can't stand when people can't take the hint Talking crap about my parents to my face isn't gonna make you any more likable to me Going to look at another Ford since some asshole sold the one he was gonna sell to me. i don't want to listen to your dog bark all day!!! take it inside!! Why can't someone invent a refuse bag that will refuse to split! I can't stand when people openly think they are better than someone. Can you get a grip? Everyone is different. I know you get off at 5 nigga chill out with your 21 questions I'm getting anxiety. Should be asleep but can't. just great. people love pissing me off today. Dont Fuck with people when they feel like shit This work bitch can fuck right off God,why did you give me a big will to sing but an awful voice? Whoever thought it would be smart to bump this idiot up to S1, needed to see the wreck he just caused for being fucking stupid. Times like this when I have to run errands but don't have my car&lt;&lt; fuck man Im determined to go out tonight even if i go alone Weight room etiquette in the old days: Do a set, get up, let others work in. Today: do a set, sit there for 10 minutes texting. , i gt told players wouldnt be back out It's amazing the hoops I go through with people to get my musical stuff completed Today I am NOT feelin it feel like I did when towards the end of middle/beginning of high school!!! My hair app is at 2 and I'm still not in the chair People need to just stop expecting me to do everything... My back only bends so far... Why is the flight home always the worse? I'm not the traditional type of girl you thought I was. Why couldn't this wait til tomorrow man . orlando 88 couldn't give me a transfer to the nike store here in PR .. but thay can given them to other ppll wtf is this!! Seriously? ! I'm perfectly capable staying here for 5 days by myself. I'm 18 not 10!! Ugh. Omfg. It's funny how most bank tellers don't know what to do with svg bonds. Every time it's a long process. I'm so annoyed I wanna take the camera tonight but I can't find anybody that has the same charger!!!!! stupid car alarm outside keeps going off every five minutes Annoyed annoyed annoyed I want to go hooooooome whattt the freak! Of course my mom would decide to rearrange all the furniture in the house the weekend before finals &amp; expect me to help I hate when people say they are going to do something and don't but expect you to do for them. That annoying moment wen your wifi works better then your 4g I can't stand it, my eye keeps having muscle spams today. I have no idea why. I need patience on a day like this! Oh lord I'm the Godmother and he's the godfather so I'm not getting out of this one! My sister should've picked a different Godfather! So sick of the yelling. When I hear it I just wanna run the other way. Is there seriously not a single pen in this WHOLE apartment!!! Teachers seriously need to get on top of their shit and start entering in everyone's grades. I should have better grades now. Why can't I buy a cd in South Africa?? _thisplacesucks Sometimes I like just shouting my cats name until she goes mental, does that make me evil? Not impressed with customer service. Quick to take your money but don't answer phones evenings or weekends! When I'm off work I always feel like crap !!! Why does my dad think he always has to be chomping ice then they can't catch the damn throw. I've throw 3 people out from the outfield that my infield has dropped My parents are honestly some of the most difficult people. They always make a point of what I do or want to do. Nobody can ever get under my skin but my dad. it's taking ever ounce of my being not to kill 5 people rn. Manager being a smart ass today Someone get me out of this house right now I love it when itube decides it doesn't want to fucking download what I want I'm sooooo stinking close to having ALL A's!!!! Almost like I knew something was going to happen Gotta love when the person who is supposed to work the shift after you calls in &amp; quits. Don't exactly feel like staying. Seriously this people can turn down their music. Some of us wants to sleep Apparently everybody in Eau Claire decided to go to the mall today... Then again my lovely mother always asks why I never like to run errands for her it take her anywhere Come on Renee Row, shut off the dang fire alarm already! I am never planning anything ever again Do people not understand that if you're in a library you should probably be quiet??? like shut up I'm tryna study I'm just gonna stop coming around when you're around people. I don't understand.. is it like fun to chew with your mouth open? can you please escort the obnoxious people out of Coleman? Waited 10 mins the deli in chaska target Can I be done with people now? I'm going to take my kids to a remote island and be done with society too bad the annoying bands marching down our street a) aren't actually good and b) don't play famous movie songs the hick party outside of our house has a strong indication to how I feel about this semester...... You did that on purposed. Wwwoooowww ur cool for judging and pointing out other peoples imperfections and laughing at them because clearly ur perfect.... This is actually the most unorganized competition I've ever been to. She made the room upside down ! &gt;.&lt; So I come out of work to find birds have had a war on my car .. Why my car? Hundreds more in the car park Nothing worse than a slow wifi connection. When people read my messages and don't right back How do I get my coach purse to stop setting off every store alarm? If this dude fist bumps me one more time, im gonna fist bump his face I just want a crane job....be a crane op they said, loads of jobs they said....well..here we are, 49 companies later... Ok don't answer me! I'm bored i guess ill do my hair 