But thank God I'm not one of those people who are mad or had a bad day,&amp; take it out on everyone Don't understand guys who act like dicks when theyre actually really sweet. Don't feel compelled. Control yourself. In the eye of the hurricane. :) Liuzza's by The Track This is why you can't land a steady boyfriend, kid. You jump to FOREVER on the first goddamn date. Did you know there is calm before the storm of insight in your brain? Alpha waves precede Gamma during creative insight. May you have deep before, during and after the Night San Sebastian Beach, Spain Feeling Weed Pack, my type of tune How to find some when you just can't My fire alarm just went off because I took my . Ya, I know I'm when I'm but come on now, let's all just down. Open roads 100 miles from civilization are pretty cool. Since joining yoga class, I have never felt better. Help, I have done it again. I have been here many times before. Went on a long journey Beating noah 4-0 at half time how about you svck your mum. They try to emulate you - when they fail and you refuse to collaborate they get all up and down and wanna start sumthin " KEEP AND PLAY THE " :)) A very calm Thursday night, doing my homework and listening to Bob Dylan actitud positiva ante todo &lt;3 Watching this all day, every day A family like this so cute WEATHER WAS DEADASS BEAUTIFUL TODAY My new keeps me - bought at Jewels of the Lotus in At night everywhere is so still that's how want you to live your life At -- Love the skin you're in. I really want to be back here .. for breakfast like home Wrapped up in bed watching America's Next Top Model Lavender helps to quiet the nerves, so take five minutes to breathe in its scent and relax. take a find my in the middle of silence the chatter around me and center myself in We found all 4 hearts Opening of the Cdn. Assoc. of Labour Media 2014 Conference tonight, then local watering hole for gm. 1, Habs/Bruins. Call it win-win. Summer Outfit I put together. Even got the hair Lol Making Progress! 6 weeks till summer! I Hate when Niggas They Take Care of There kids&lt;&lt;&lt; Seeing thim is Not takeing Care Of thim Buying thim &amp; Support Thim&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; LongLost Making progress! 6 weeks till sure! Never make decision out of anger and never Prolong conversation where there is anger Yoga time with the beautiful You're right where you're supposed to be. An empty yoga room. I love being the first one here. Yoga Vida NYC I felt good. This beauty always calms me down. available in two blends!! and Cake Face Soaping Break from work. National Gallery Of Art Sculpture Garden 10 Tips to - - May you have deep before, during and after the So far is beating in the Ringside episode war of words Love having my own desk/office! Morning practice with a view Graduation is next weekend and it hasn't hit me yet. Bit of Bob Marley whilst doing college work really helps! Off to do some meditation... love you, joe ! did you know that i draw mice &amp; bear cubs but people think they're bunnies and i don't correct them ? Our wonderful ambassador, Miss Haiti International 2012, Hermanie Pierre looks amazing in Morning practice with a view When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace. a little piece of quiet during my lunch break Lyra, first day in her new home. Take a walk. Listen to Beggars Banquet. Ignore the world. Pantai Pasir Perawan Pulau Pari and the in the for me :) the Revising and listening to xxxx New Gift Sets just listed today! Perfect for the frazzled mom I am keeping and following you back! Thank you :) Few folk in my year a bit too keen about senior ties Me and my boys chillin in da hot tub probs sell em for 300 feel calm if you see your photo on the screen of my laptop and mobile phone ({}) How much I can get! Plaa De La Concrdia Today seems as good a day as any!!!!! How do you stay and when there's so much to do? No hay que tomarse todo tan en serio. Throw back to 3 months ago sitting on the ferry at Ko Samui! Chilling it out listening to the rain. to : Stay and to urself Great advice for pastors, especially the phone part! 13 Things Mindful People Do What Do You See? art Photo: What Do You See? art Every morning begins with me yelling calm the fuck down to my whistling teapot bracelets at the Taj Mal. Where next? :) Opening season. Before celebrate "Labor Day" ... working! I don't keep calm cuz it's my birthday! NEW MUSIC BuildDreams Ft Imani.B - Feelin by JWavey.(Build Dreams) Rt Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing and spaces in the Interios Theatre... Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing and spaces in the Interios Theatre... Celebrate Cinco de Mayo by playing cinco games! Head over to and sign up for FREE! S I B L I N G S - I am in aw... Beautiful waves in the sky. so many similarities in these relationships. This is and getting to the bones of the troubled truth yay!!!!! Excited thanks yogini the body the mind It's like a ghost town out here right now. It's kind of cool!! Point Edwards looking at Upper North Sydney Add some to your with a print of Blea Tarn in the I'm in! Gonna be as as my pic of the it doesn't have to be like this, corruption does not have to be the order of the day, there is hope for Tried to upgrade app, but my CC expired - now I'm frustrated KEEP I'M STILL cotton print by ShirtsOpen via Don't lets idiot's ruin your day .. Sometimes you gotta fall,before you fly .. Everything happens for a reason, and the past month has proved that. Keep You and Your Heart by Jack Johnson Turning 2 left or 2 right? ..let's have lunch Wait til you've tried miracle cream Simple breathing techniques that you can use as tools to the mind and disconnect from the day Best. Day. In. Korea. Yeosu Only had one lesson today I love driving around at like 4 AM, nobody is around and it is so peaceful. I saw 3 cars total The evening light out my study as I edit my assignment. Telok Kurau Lor J Photo: be like a on the but always paddling like the (Sir... Just grabbed the last pair of the all white Huaraches Fitzroy River is stunning tonight. Today's walk in the forest I'm tidying my office up. I just found a dead spider. With hairy legs. When I listen to I just wanna relax and sleep Clarity from conscious loneliness. [Photo: damladamlaa] People who bounce or tap in the library really stress me out. Pls you're killing my library vibe Loool My nxgga Rocqeeb just tweetin from his Maseratti Quattreporto at the mo... My nigga butch is on the wing with flamer The Parallax Protocol (The Mirrors in Time Adventures) This is my life. my soul. the prpose of my existense.!! :D great leader of celebrates in "where are the Pansi Morning prayer was easy to fit in in I think people are getting confused and overreacting, all subway stores have not stopped selling meat Learn to be &amp; you will always be need to burn my candle after dealing with not a happy bunny :( Memento leather &amp; gold bracelet, Calm by epanouijewellery via Many forwards emerging in chennai to create panic in the city. Oh god. Why is this happening god. Not mine tho I'm humble like uh Booda meditating . Crisscrossed Cooking whilst being surrounded by candles and sweet smells x The odd vagina and breasts sail down my TL (which is regrettable considering my predisposition), I don't throw a hissy fit however. In the soup, flowers and candles mood today. It's all a journey! the and the Keep , keep , [pic] In - if you the body, you the emotions and when the emotions are calm you can the mind. In - if you the mind, you the emotions and when the emotions are calm, you can the body. At -- Beautiful spot to unwind! Pandit Jasraj's voice at this hour night and morning made 'When you hate someone , the only thing that you should do is recite the Alfatihah and try to forgive them ..' Everyone should believe in something. I believe I should go to the May 1 is Labor Day ! quotestags_app Rain + Me = Relaxation Time :) Just when I was about to freak, the night suddenly got a little better! My asss be in suepriseeee as to who dis bitch is but im Appian Way is silent in the rain... Keep calm and get wet this hot summer. pool Let it be, Laura. Let it be... Drinking chamomile tea to feel better. it 'twas a joke man lol Sometimes you just need to sit down and let speak to you. Listening to this rain is the most relaxing shit ever. Being alone sometimes is the best medicine I can give myself(: Wow! English Breakfast Tea. Thank you so much! I love tea. Love the sound of rain hitting the window Selena is so over the top!! down Me encanta mi Crystal Bullet Necklace!!! made by kaladesigns My bra matches my shoes Only chark a would Only go to sleep after we go for a walk un This weather I need to burn some cals. and relieve stress and lets again and over again..... Currently trying to maintain my calm with a bunch of attractive dancers in a room No better way to relax and be at peace than playing music. Will the NETHERLANDS be after ... The semifinal ? It's up 2 u ! Vote for the NETHERLANDS I got declared twitter president some weeks back Still chillin to this DVS tune Your tweets about thr Jewel Girl Challenge Got my heart pounding like heck I love sleeping in my moms prayer room!!!! Ramos on Flex FM radio show Tonight's sky, quiet storm near the beach She be doin the most . . Relaxation. Hot cup of tea with my vanilla scented candle. If you want to learn to trust your vibes, you must maintain a peaceful and relatively attitude. .... Vanilla candles after a long day lol im not just reading a lot of tweets about that issue. Sos todo un rock star What your website should be soothingly, whispering to your online visitors, clients, leads... Newlyn harbour, early this evening Quando tudo estiver confuso lembre-se: Keep calm and I believe I can fly Orange Think i ama snuggle up in bed with my blanket and a bunch of pillows This is how Jesus and I will weather the storm. singing for Sierra Boggess tomorrow its always a perfect time to meditate. Got a ticket for Chelsea vs Norwich on Sunday Liverpool fans brv.., you all crying why? You haven't lost the premiership yet of wolves Much-needed reminder lesson at end of busy day &amp; start of busy night! Enjoying the quiet of and empty concert hall. ht_159620_2 - - and ... - TNJ-Shirts on the amazon trip in Brazil! There's no love like a love for the ocean. Two more days. Fridge memo from for the school holidays I'd love to see win it this year What do you think of when you think about your has many Think what you can accomplish with a Meditation for the Soul: A Beginner&amp;#039;s Guide to Calming your Inner Being At the end of the day city will win the prem Didn't know there were so many atletico fans on this "Keep and..." It's a cute sign. But it's also an important message when we're in from Room 521: sleep all day, sleep all night, wake up to no alarms, turn down for everything. "Keep and..." It's a cute sign. But it's also an important message when we're in from We look forward to seeing you :) x Newest sleep remedy... Watch a burning candle. Basically... Chelsea must 2 to go through You can just about make out the rowers. Better for them to score in the '45 rather than the '90 lads. Just need one goal and oscar still on the bench. I think I am going to try this I love supporting the youth. id do an Aaron Ramsey. Touch of class that lad Oke fixs no celebration ... After a long &amp; productive day going 2 swim now &amp; calm down .#swim check out her latest video for it on SBTV A lot of our have commented on the and they feel after a class. check out her latest video for it on S "The man, having learned how to govern himself, knows how to adapt himself to others." Thanks! its going well at the moment! Still the before the storm ht_157701_2 - and on ... - Only got 15 exams now It's so quiet in here... On my way to the beautiful for my favourite yoga class! and I love working in the studio on a rainy day, I can hear every drop a nice place for a Does my help my or does my calm help my breathing? Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces What a nice pic to see in can learn from these two." - amazing. Download it now y'all. i still don't get how shirt is dry - i'd be a POOL and Just about starting to feel human again.. I'm in a 3G area now My bodycount is only 4 anyway The Common Linnets - Calm After The Storm (The Netherlands) First Rehearsal Video New phone nw number on way My April Showers Are Starting To Bring My May Flowers! Have a shower before sleep. It's empty and cold without you here! listen and escape from the moment+place you are in as you enter to the phase. thank you I always like art. It gives me a sense of calm. I like the feeling of calm.-Augie Collier, Indian Princess I just want that island view. no matter how I'm feeling this beauty keeps me I love you baby!! I am ready to are you? Easier to let sh*t go. This being angry about things u can't change, is for the birds. How can u better, lungs, give your a break and the mind the same time? Go upside down! inversions. Morning ladies and gents ;) Have a fantastic Hump Day! I've already celebrated this morning :D Chilling outside this morning is peaceful Above And Beyond - Good For Me - Original Video HD: va I am Fall in love with him I am zen today. No matter what the frack happens Guldimann tries to calm Ukraine fears: There is no widespread popular... Home alone with Moose in the morning is the perfect way to start my day. Pulling this out of tbe dishwasher could not have been more timely...#psalm46 Today is the last day to bid on my for for Kids online auction. See my recent blog post Oh simple life..how i crave for you! Iwahig Firefly this show is just covers all areas of parenting and all ages of children. Check out the fog lifting over in right now. If it is close to you who is being be as and as Tell that person what is you i know it's hard to be specially when there is a but u should try to and everything will be ok.#TESTED:) is on my mind...it keeps me Absolutely enchanting! of on the Bringing &amp; to your The fact that Spurs are denying interest is proof that there is something to deny. They can't speak of anything, even if it were true. Calm of a Frozen Ocean morning won 8-2 grabbed an assist, bossed the middle of the park You can do it are strong!! :-) Hang in there &amp; focus on the end result... ;-) "Keep and..." It's a cute sign. But it's also an important message when we're in from Starting the morning with coffee, stretching, and prayer. I really ought to go outside and enjoy this. and it does take what REALLY matters? Isn't it Keep Calm Gamer Geek Earrings Doctor Who by GabriellesCreations via Keep Calm Earrings Personalized Laminated by GabriellesCreations via 95% in my first practice physics exam and I've still got 3 weeks to revise Had a dream with Kevin padmore in it. The dream just humbled from the bull shit in life. Ha I let him take me to lunch and he happens to be the therapist I was looking for! May today be the most humpy of all your days this week You can find our Mood Cards on our website! She's beautiful!! my amazing rotti China!! Love her! Video: Spring in Norway! -Not bad at all! Idiot&amp;#039;s Guides: Pregnancy for Dads 10 Tea Types to calm you down Yoga suits my Lol!!! Just like the beach. and then a came over me and I knew I could go out into the world and Bit of raggaie on the way to the library Obv not cause now he's eating her wig My work now from only 15 People that follow u, then unfollow u coz u don't follow back wow second examthey are in silence right now Instant win sausage and egg mcmuffin for breakfast Taken far too many Pro Plus and consumed too much energy drink to do this exam !! ? ! At least the piano music has been relaxing me When attacks, I close my eyes &amp; imagine myself standing in front of a &amp; washes over. In desperation, I looked at nutrition. Can't believe the difference this makes. May you find the peace and calm you are searching for. An update on our latest ride, need to find a way speed up. Can't crawl to Paris at 7mph What I got today 5SOS To get through this all I have to do is follow Jessie and his At -- At ease on the high seas! The beautiful Morning all :-). Keep and get to in a mood! Buddha No.1 in new series up to 30" square Buddha No.2 in new series to 30" square Buddha No.3 in new series to 30" square Laying in a nice hot bath listening 2 the rain fall bec our bedroom window is open so bring on the "European Champions have been dethroned" 8 tracks radio in android is really helpful during exams. Listening to tracks. is YESS INDEED...he is!! Blown' pitches RIGHT BY 'em! LMBO! after the storm / later It's gonna be a Starry Night in Seattle today. Keep calm and be swag, jacking of Keep calm and carry on. Love Claude making no excuses about the game. Could bitch about penalties could bitch about the goalie. Did neither. No panic here What puts me to sleep Feeling stuck? Heres how to find some without Group. Togetherness. how are things ? Good day is for good people ! Happy FREEday ;) keep and ~ Allah is Good People by Jack Johnson It is nice to be truly understood for once. No one has ever been able to handle one of my anxiety attacks like that Brain door must close now. Look at this cute Zonkey We here at the before the storm, Getting some fresh air after another day spent studying for too long.... Bro dont worry I was Totes JK, DDOSSING is never the answer. And you dont have to get so defensive Have you heard The ASYLUM - I Know You by EnreeUK on THE ASYLUM - Into Your Love by The ASYLUM UK on What would I do without in stressful situations Love this picture! is almost here! This should help me sleep...the sound of waves. is the only remedy for Margs and weed this is a good night Nature is such an awesome thing. One day.... Ryan got a bobo when I told him a liked JJ Lawhorn Working out at night is way better I HATE WHEN PPL TAKE THINGS TOO LITERAL. LIKE DONT U GET MY METAPHORS, IM TRYING TO B PRETENTIOUS, IM A HIPSTER My friend Yuxi :) Max M. Fisher College I know and can feel how painful it is when we love someone but that person just plain ordinary,,,,,, Photo: My handsome wading in the The water was so and My handsome wading in the The water was so and Moment when even the firefighters want a call. . after the tears have fallen and words have been released and (Beatles) Yesterday - Christian G. who is coming next time? I'm loving in the starting lineup! Tea before going to bed &lt;3 10 websites that will make you more and -- great for work or study! really dont think i could get through a day without stretching and meditating. movie day with much needed. I've been saving this wax tart especially for finals. I love this soooo much. Stunting in my new robe Photoset: jennyhui812: 2014-05-01 Whats really on his mind? He looks so... Divine ipad game 'monument valley' - Well I'm glad that's off my chest. Feeling better. Winding down a long with a nice The sun today really made me feel at peace. Looking up at the night sky with a full show of stars. &gt;&gt;&gt; A calm moment in the middle of a hectic day. In memoriam. - this place is so and clean "Never give up, fix mistake, and keep stepping" Happy birthday to my man 17 today!! Hope it's a sick one bruddah and will see u tonight xxx At -- Take a breather.:) preparing to watch and see : I plead the 5th. ... Loving this! Exactly how I am feeling! Have you seen the latest from Photo: MY LIL BUDDY FOR THIS MORNING SHENANIGANS. MY LIL BUDDY FOR THIS MORNING SHENANIGANS. Imma rock this with white huaraches. Imma rock this with white huaraches. school listening to mixes tape it too hard Giggs outdone himself once again in today's press conference. Calm morning at the lake lol I talk about him a lot, I just haven't been on recently bc of school. what would you know? you only have 30 tweets. Imma rock this with white huaraches. nigga? Is that from Bleach? Church road to Hollywood still gets played everyday Revising treatments for depression feels like a walk in the park compared to my dissertation Trying to draw again... Forgot how soothing it is too late, can't see the Get agitated far too easily. Feel like screaming in this harmless guys ear to fuck off and he hasn't even did anything wrong walk home through one of m'fave places on earth 1091 2014, day two of the the calm conference. McGill Uni. Great place for gothic inspired architecture. hahaha joker.. yh I hear that.well keep doing ur thing as long as you're moving forward Idk what is it about reality shows like that take me away from my reality. "Keep and..." It's a cute sign. But it's also an important message when we're in from Hand stand on the bay. Photo by christinaajensen Savoring the quiet time between waking up and getting up. free day today. chilled day working with the interns :) chaan kadhlas ha pic :p Letting other people do things to my truck causes me great anxiety Usually I agree with your opinions, but the amount of time and energy you are dedicating to is too high. Ringside: Froch/Groves and is a I had a great time today during my yoga practice. Feeling calm and happy Woke up feeling great today Being able to turn right at a red light here is I am &amp;#driven TONIGHT! 14days I am &amp;#driven TONIGHT! 14 Days to Fund Thank you for your service today in Heathrow! Nina nesbitt is the perfect album to listen to on a train journey Nerding out on with Chris Lawson at conference in Mtl. Please guys be careful about driving &amp; please take distance with cyclists Hold tite my nigga skillabeatz were cookin up dat fire!!!!!! Today relaxxx with my crazy girl carolinaaa_13 :) :) A wee night in . Going to make lots of tea and have a chilled evening How To Find Some When You Just Can't via Sean Forsythe photography :: gut10me the day after in the office is my favorite. We have some amazing at our Office. Are you under pressure? A brilliant Happy Friday! This photoblog *still* takes my breath away every time: Take a moment of today. Experience inner and deep with Primordial Sound by Anandi Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces Its deadly pain when hurt inside then the pain that we can see... This moment right now, just left work wknd ahead of you, is the best time of the week. The longer i spend the time in the more aggressively i behave at and it z true otherwise i lov to be How to calm down children: Put on Frozen soundtrack! Good Night World,and Happy slep . Imma rock this with white huaraches. Great picture that embodies a man's style. Finally I have found a place in my head which is peaceful. After a few months of chaos, all feels clear at last. my again after with at the At first website try sheg me one refresh and tickets were in my basket My neighborhood. Good morning. SantaMonica Beach you have to get that under control-stress is bad news Special is a moment that you choose to make special. Locked into on da wat back to LDN Gotta love peppa pig......the effect it has on kids hell of a chip on your shoulder , watch some top gear and down ! Gonna do some sketching and thn maybe a great nap Do you ever feel anxious or overwhelmed? Here is an easy way to get I really feel like being 'difficult' at the moment but I won't because I'll come off worse it's nothing minimal carbs plenty protein and gym during week. Friday and Saturday cheat day Chillin in the sunroom party nap AHHH!!!! I will be taping tonight's episode for sure!!!! :) Thanks for the heads up A with perfect for :) the only time I can ever be silent is when I cook Reading mode brain off "El curioso incidente del perro a medianoche" bacon popcorn, candles, netflix and blankey at I'm loving this expo location!! De tranqui en el sof. first time all week we've been able to have the doors open at work and I didn't get microdermabrasion on my drive up i25. I can be soo disgusting but naahh not my style Matthew Carley was Man of the Match in the Bath v Saints game On my way to dump the body. gonna have to flame up and keep it and Stressed? How to find some when you just can't via said the same dunno what others were watching he's playing the game New book. I'm loving it! Makes me calm. Love nature can a ref be given mom? He was outstanding tonight in match v it really is and I learned lots from Ev :) just enjoy Light In A Darkened World [Mix Cut] - Original Mix Hazem Beltagui, Nourey My sister is so mad shes throwing stuff in the kitchen. Just finished my first yoga class in months. I feel absolutely wonderful. At times it's important to just sit back and enjoy the beauties of life. Up early tomorrow but I'm still up wide awake my new bathroom is now my favourite room Have a relaxing weekend! art Photo: Have a relaxing weekend! art This evening was lovely (: GABA is an amino acid that functions as a neurotransmitter in the brain. My daddy is about to punch me in the face because I got one of the table quiz questions wrong gunna say!!!!!!! cause doubt we would see u return Shreya Ghoshal songs put me to sleep How about this?? Join me?? What I do when it comes to relaxing without any distractions you're so thoughtful! Nice song, love it! believing that is more important than because, since set free, my life is and even (2/3) Ocean waves is currently my music How can I down/become - - will calm your soul in the midst of a storm, or even the storm itself. Me no know eno but me respect Beautiful peaceful sunset and so on and so forth... Cool If I have to share you then nigga get ready to share me lool Sometimes all you need to do is stand in the showers running water to feel better. Be a gentleman at all times. ese es el secreto! so pumped to be a part of your fabulous (un)conference. What a great way to kick off the weekend! super sunny morning at today Sometimes you just need a few minutes "Keep and..." It's a cute sign. But it's also an important message when we're in from Be still and know that I'm God Happy Music Saturday for me! typo hood sorry i mean calum :( Can't believe this was me only a few weeks ago just chilling + relaxing at i just love collecting memories I understand the concept ur as young as u feel but damn bitch u be my senior n partying like there ain't no tomorrow the fuck down Tonight has proven to me that yoga helps studying! Thank you Mrs. Carr for the great class! No more energy for that Wow I still can't believe that shot I just seen. that moment when you realize it was just a phase... It's my so i a special for u on my So forget Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces Can see ferrybridge power station as no wind. Lochore meadows from my garden this morning Listen I'm tired so let's be calm this week, no calling out ho bags who've been piping dick all night like last Sat me and you vs the world for mumbai indians victory is possible bt not probable so b &amp; watchout fr n we gonna win dfntly Evening approaching, still on duty. ... Keep Calm Gamer Geek Earrings Doctor by GabriellesCreations via Keep Calm Earrings Personalized by GabriellesCreations via Keep Calm Gamer Geek Earrings Doctor Who by GabriellesCreations via Keep Calm Earrings Personalized Laminated by GabriellesCreations via Evening approaching, still on duty. and The One Sports Club Fulya Terrace a disfrutar de la vida !! How can a kid of 16 just dish out a 56s on 50m back long... Whatever is bringing you down, let it You don't need that in your Keep and be things will ... Pues Buenos Dias :) XD Getting ready for my first client of the day Something very therapeutic, sitting in the sun watching riding her pony beaming Beautiful way of bringing into the Unexpected shirt :) Lovin' it. :) Spending my Saturday Evening Chilling Beaut of a day !! Having a sisters spa day in the garden Retreat Joy of Living 1.. Calming The Mind, Objectless Samatha Meditation May you find the peace and calm you are searching for. 5 Ways You Never Imagined Can Bring So Great Results The 6 poses for women for and Don Cheadle channels his inner knight. Trying "calm" for my cramping leg muscles. Let's see if it helps. Postcards for Postal Workers won two awards from 8th with a 7 million striker is borderline embarrassing. Brighton equaliser pushes out of the on goal difference. 30 minutes is tons of time to fix this, right? One of my favourite places in the world Well I've spent Saturday afternoons in worse places Desperation setting in shoot from anywhere Love living out the city when it's so sunny like this!! My dog is very sick. When you crave the in Get outta Keep calm &amp; drink Nura. Enjoy with Can't beat abit of house,few beers and following your bets while the suns blazing... Many moods of May - In the of the morning, he makes pie. New pump installed! Got the waterfall going Thanks for making Saturday morning feel like Sunday morning. This is where I meditated this morning..!! then ;) No Other Way by Jack Johnson (at Leyangan Hill Village) When you finish work early and are on the train to see the other half Played all by Ma self I was scared about the Bashment but I did Welcome Dr. Dr. Morten Middelfart, Business Intelligence (BI) &amp; Business Analytics via &amp; now CTO at Organizing your home can help sort through mental chaos. Pink Zen: Framed and Prints by TheWholeWildWorld via Rare moment of in my crew! Tired of being bashed on by my family all the time because I haven't gone to get my beginners. Its me that won't be driving, not you. Homemade prawns, wine and candles. Perfect night in Pretending like this season never happened. How can a kid of 16 just dish out a 56s on 100m back long... Welcome The in this noisy world, check my ! Wurz, take a chill pill! Peterborough away on the 10th and at home on the 13th Heaven is a little closer in a home by the water Now I'm call again :3 Easy bud, only first period is the of and In ancient lapis lazuli, a blue back to countryside | 05.03.14 | Welcome The in this noisy world, check my ! My view this morning before the sights of colourdash .. Love sitting and listening to the sea and all thing ripe.. - okay im done ;) Carey Price is on fire!! 4th place secure plus FA cup final to come And I began my with "Gentle Hatha and Meditation" PK's parents don't quite act like him after a goal Why is it I get so wound up by certain people! Aaaaarrrggghhhh! can I book some reiki soon Lou? Don't fall in love easily Thankyou for my Prize! I'm Going 2 Start the week with these Cheers! X when the nails get did! Casually walking in my street in my boxers I am at peace. Peace surrounds me. glory hunters! Mate your team boo your one fans and manager on a regular! Behave. And you ain't win it yet, so relax Herbal tea is the way foward Making my work-filled day as relaxing as possible with the music of and some How are you bringing to The sky right now is a goldish yellow &amp; pale blue. It's drizzling. It looks so beautiful. Its only been a year since the act was implemented and they are blasting the volume again. Its annoying! Counting my and not my problems. Counting my and not my problems. Counting my and not my problems. Counting my and not my problems. Counting my and not my problems. Good morning sunshine. Rise n shine baby toward yourself is the first step toward healing Relaxing evening outdoors with Anna I love this swag you know Counting my and not my problems. There is some good music outside 6 Factors to Have Leadership Presence via Is everyone calm? Cause im calm. Seriously calm down. Im so calm. Join me so we can be calm. May you find the peace and calm you are searching for. Guys im seriously not calm. Calm me down. I like being comfortable. Enjoying the chilly breeze. I do like London at night. Very calm night Captain America be havin me all into the movie but The from my view, Its so "You should be a In my Favorite customers for the day Regaining focus in a busy life. Enjoying a Manhattan before absolute at - &gt; Keep calm n feel the atmosphere A drop in the ocean / the ocean in a drop. Nothin makes my day better than wearing my pair of Levi's Love mike tyson, sitting there with his topi on The music in is what dreams sound like. Just gave a sample cd in Birmingham by caspian big up!!! I was gassed was Such a of the Lantin festival Cold wind this morning at but the water was and warm. Perfect day for a swim and La Jolla Shores Tower 32 Keep Calm And Love Aliando! Just Keep Calm Because We're Gamers! Mayweather sitting there just talking about his motors Blend with nature, stay soft and calm Wait why is everyone here actin like they're freshmen Take a nap with the cat and kittens resting beside. The sky are blue and calm Shoutout to my main bae momma jonna for being cool with me knocking my teeth out like an idiot Nothing like having a kitten fall asleep on your chest dinner don't know where we are going to a upcoming graduation, so proud? To down I wl meditate Bit of piano music to help me through revision.. Can you OD on Chamomile tea? I'LL COME BARRELING IN.....like the dried petals of a dandelion blowing in a breeze. Too bad Instagram can't share just sound. Loving this rain shower. Nothing better than a relaxing hot bath and a James Patterson/Mark Sullivan book. Keeping has never been more Sometimes you do all you can for others but eventually Birthday in 4 days.. first exam in 8 days The stress is killing me ending for Eastern this evening, then Mainly &amp; for all of Ontario. Cool Lows: -3 ~ +4. Thank you for your hard work yest, loving our livingroom feeling and loving 17 days left to submit the final project. Let's all keep calm and steady. Ok so we are back at the gate at Gatwick because they noticed the fuel tank had a leak. Don't they know it's my b day. ;-)) The stunning Bay of Bodrum The stunning Bay of Bodrum Big day for Bucks 14's, Boys up against South Wales today .. ... Don't let frustration get the better of you - embrace the calm ~~&gt; Don't let frustration get the better of you - embrace the calm ~~&gt; Be in situations that overcome nervousness &amp; you will see a totally changed the Going to study maths in uni then get a pHD then immediately start earning 40k in teaching Photo: A beautiful sunset by the lake A beautiful sunset by the lake Good night at London Darbar for Balraj's 18th Chilling on da trampoline wake n baking You know you have made the right decision when there is peace in your heart&lt;3 Katy Perry - Dark Horse &amp; cover): Simple days, like today..make me realise how lucky I am So the are set to be getting tookover by Justin Bieber and Floyd Mayweather!? Life is complete. Like a Mendez and Chili Chili an idhamudiin Chacha It's hard not to raise your voice and get so upset at times but this is a good reminder. Wake up &amp; smile the coffee)) This weekends didn't go well. Rethink things and calm down a touch. Bike was faultless Keeping calm with my boo before exams. Parc du Luxembourg Lesson one in ~ wash the dishes purely to wash the dishes. Stay present to that moment alone to cultivate a mind. L-V-K-E! with yollanovianaaa thankyou yol;3 haha Helps You Find Spaces In The Best way to start a week: Starbucks! Stressed out? Try singing in the shower! Five more ways to calm down quickly: Great power yoga class this morning at the Perfect way to start the week Keep Calm and support LGBTQ. wow very good single boys (: Dont stop on repeat in class i am not Safe to say I've got and on repeat for the next few days My crush just txt me no sweat! Keep and pretend it's not "To be is the highest achievement of the best of what you have." - Yogi Bhajan Hello work we meet again :') A can be so Make you feel and didn't lol, Simple Kundalini Oath to Keep You Centered and Calm Calling me a bitch on twitter?? Fashooo. I'm single and it needed to happen. Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing and spaces Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing and spaces How To Find Some Calm When You Just Can't Meditate &gt;&gt; 13 Things Mindful People Do Differently Every Day via Amazing class today feel like a new person A little beachy!! Ocean Park Beach, San Juan PR I Can't Keep because My dont call me i wont call you Its &amp; youre stressed again. down with 7 easy steps (no chanting or stretching required!) happy bday hope you have A blessed year broo! This is a picture that I took of the sunset one day Took a bath . Lit a candle. Listened to music. Texted my friend. Yeah...I had a nice, relaxing evening awk wasn't nk the floor And I'm sure if my daddy should send water from Vancouver BC, Canada to UWI. It wld reach b4 yours that's coming from down the road. The Stoic: 9 Principles to Help You Keep Calm in Chaos. I wouldn't mind a little slice of that each weekend How to Let it go?? "Keep and..." It's a cute sign. But it's also an important message when we're in from Many people should realize that the foolish "problems" they have, wouldn't exist, if try would realize they dramatize or create them. I'm bout to listen to slow jams and take a bubble bath! we really never cease to amaze Keep and love your ... ... Do you ever feel anxious or overwhelmed? Here is an easy way to get Queen Victoria would use marijuana to relieve menstrual cramps." A Keyring with a picture of a cute Bichon Tell Dese Niggas i Got Em Who ever says 'ahh uberfacts' on the app by has such a calming voice...calmer then morgan freeman!! A quiet place inside, I'm going to stay there awhile. I. As in have no beef with any one A quiet place inside, I'm going to stay here awhile. Mayham got me wishing I got a Great Dane instead of a boxer. The first step to improving your wellbeing is believing in yourself &amp; shutting negativity out Boy I would happily jam in my room and watch tv series allll day lool Good Tuesday Morning It is a and morning with some patchy out there! :))) - :) (Photo reshared via MOLOME ) Just take a selca 1 I never thought it possible but I am waking up feeling more calm. The more meditation I do, the more it reaches my soul. Put your message in and tweet!!! Put your message in and tweet!!! We can expect more! (via in motion: why some cant go with the flow below need Music is my remedy. &lt;3 The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow Photo: take my morning walk Put your message in and tweet!!! The Space Between : how do you move between your actions? Let it be a dance it's Good morning from the known as Goa, India not again. Wakes up from her naps &amp; starts trolling every friggin day. Block Just Brought a pair of these sexies Good morning my loves!! Seek peace.... My constant reminder to stay centered and grounded. R ur kids stressed out w/end of year activities? Graduation, moves, ending friendships? Need to finish off but im cus you cnt rush life and hard work Simplicity at its finest. Even death can sometimes be beautiful. My head's under water but I'm breathing fine keep calm lunasee and love At -- So I made this map: How to stay in peace and find your inner refuge. Imma keep and wait it out Bring on the bees! {Add the fragrant blooms of lavender to your containers for zen} Trying to process today's turn arounds which is now history. Relax and let go. Bring on the bees! {Add the fragrant blooms of lavender to your containers for zen} get me to my class already Stop crying. Seriously. Stop it. Just stop. Right now.Okay? Ready? Heres a sums it up. "Antibiotic resistance could set medicine back a century, to a time when infections often led to amputations" Starting an essay that doesnt have to be in for 23 days is probably the best idea ive ever had. Photo: Beautiful (at Strausbourg France) Wish Duke wasn't so hyper! At -- Donate Blood to Save Life Im going to be honest Im dreading tomorrow it'll be fine!!!! they are invited to do one Some that will help your down before Feeling fine today! There's no calamity up in these mammaries :) Please remember to NEVER run on a hunt. You could hurt yourself or someone else.Also all noises are NOT paranormal. Calm down! This part of Maryland is beautiful. you never answered my back After the mayhem needs some tonight's dinner Morning view The Woodlans Tx. I have found my place Nothing like a good bike ride and drawing session at the park thoughts Feeling overwhelmed &amp; stressed? Close your eyes and breathe slowly &amp; deeply just for 10 seconds Can't keep coz I love RCB!!! Girls be like.. so true, but I am not one of those girls. For the next 3 days - 5 off all Reiki treatments making it just 25 for 1 hour! 07875248094 to book! Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces Yo this feeling of wanting to destroy something is happening too often. wish i lived near a beach so i could revise there omg what a loser ! Looking at the twitter of an American cheerleader with a perfect grades &amp; life whilst I'm just sitting here with stretchmarks and shit What is wrong with me? 13 Things Mindful People Do Differently Everyday: Heading out to Belfast to the for via the small but quite perfectly formed Southampton Airport. It's Tuesday, I'm not working which can only mean 1 thing; gong meditation with The only way to down lol I'm so tired...taking some rest Day 52/90 I will stay in the storm, and respond even in negative situations. Today it has been proved that insaan ko le doobta hai. Lekin aaj to Puri team (RCB) ko le dooba Triple jump and relay tomorrow Want to see you sunset.... La calma que precede a la tormenta. Every single snapchat I receive from seems to have at least one duck in it. I don't do that shit anymore. The calm before the storm... Feeling stressed &amp; tired? A treatment with is the perfect way to &amp; mind &amp; body = &amp; ok not dat I have to do anything but my original tweet forgot to say Tesco was sold out just Tesco in drogheda no you dont but if you want the album thats what it takes, yeah hopefully be restocked asap cant lose sales How you gonna just score a brace on ya debut at Old Trafford at 18!! 72% in an essay that took me am hour I know I know , no need to say it on twitter I don't do that shit anymore. "what?!?! Are you f'n kidding me?!?!" as the sets in over Retweet Uk blue cheese weed atually makes the cherry blue My favorite stress reliever: singing along to little women the musical while home alone I can almost hear the waves I'm actually going to start taking my A levels seriously soon Liz Hurley Cyrus bedding from 7 Bring out the Oriental in you Alliieee, I see certain dons playing pool like they were at the crucible final and us man could barely go for a piss Super excited to start yoga next week. It`s time for ablution my dear it's totally cool, as I don't slap people anymore x I'd give anything to be in Donegal right now naa just a part time one. Uno abit of tlc and a little sucky sucky thats all i need right now oh and a doobie Out of 48 hours, im just gana get 10 hours sleep insurance and tax this friday!!! XDDD What is it with people in winterbourne While hand watering the front yard. Duck Creek Day off from doing work tonight.. Catching up on prison break Stressful day. Teaching will calm me. yeah :) Me too, He is so and with them. He's great.. A night gown kind of night I still can't believe she did draw for the shovel The before the ... Things are about to get ! Vaca like this this summer would be luv db_163851_1 - - and ... - A night expected for most of Skies becoming Partly Cloudy most areas. for 0 ~ +8. Nights like this remind me why I love London I love being by the ocean "Keep and..." It's a cute sign. But it's also an important message when we're in from The feeling after singing Japaji Sahib. and Learn Adidas Originals top Shout out to the person that invented the pacifier "I create the life I want to live" I love when it rains Koma Unwind is a drink to help ur nerves, relax ur mind, body &amp; soul Follow them &amp; find a retailer near u There's its all outchea so there and stay down or Lay down Need to listen to and drink then I can Nice stress free night, love pizza and had a cuddle which was nice :) before the it was a beautiful day to be in Hull,Ma :-) The sound of rain on the window. . LIGHTS OFF...CANDLES LIT..INCENSE BURNING..MUSIC PLAYING..ZONING OUT.. God gives us only what we can handle. Plz.. guys.. I can't handle all these ZERO messages all at once. Life is bigger than a GPA and a few finals Mt. Taranaki - she's a beaut. On the outside this is and but on the inside it is and worried. Having Morning seems perfect for a ride :-) Yes b!tch im nasty lolll This is the environment I'd like to work Lol crowncasino i was just too bored so i took a selfie GoodnightI'll be floating off into oblivion Why isn't the Act working to lower the blare of TV commercials have a blast on this wednesday Wow. So guitar. Such background. Many working. Much selfie. The eye of the storm There's just something so about taking a under the alone! Photo: What an amazing photo capture! So glad I came across this!! repost from this is to all of you guys. happy wednesday! Drinking coffee at 6:45 am, when no one's up, is just this soothing. Warm practice after a cold day at work my hijab :) how about you? &amp; It's Wed, just few days more before weekend arrives! What are your plans? will your and try it at Stress is not a friend to our skin. Try yoga classes to help manage your stress and keep calm. Where I live is beautiful... a disfrutar de la vida !!! Furthest point of the same place What If We Stopped Freaking Out About Climate Change? by via :/ ....e.g. when you hear a dove sense the word or seagulls might be associating it with the sea ~ robin as Impressive he may be, but is not the 'state', Sending polite tweets is not 'interference' May you have deep before, during and after the Trying to figure things out. Life is a crazy thing. May you find the peace and calm you are searching for. Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces Come joint us on 10th May 13:00-13:45! I'm speaking about designing &amp;healing spaces Twitter is my sweet little home 4 Amazing Things You Had No Idea You Could Do With Your Breath via - Still waiting~Bye Labuan~Hello KL~Short trip gains memories~ keep today with the expectation of and caution about central decisions tomorrow and certificate we have band - where are... Online Meditation Drone Generator. This is cool. See if it helps you! Crimean War lecture finished 20 mins early, thus giving me 30 mins to walk from Highfield to Avenue through the common, life is good. ohhhh you're my idol! hahaha and cc Keep calm, it'll come. God will help me. Makasi ohhhh you're my idol! hahaha and cc like that was original? But whatever. I was only joking and you went apeshit? Haha Seriously I love waking up to the sound of train whistles with the sunrise peaking through my window I love waking up to the sound of train whistles with the sunrise peaking through my window The in the storm of my mind. blessed me with the unconditional and understanding of Retail therapy is the best form of therapy Amazing what a day out of the rat race can do for you! So gassed right about now handed in all my assessments so no college tomorrow and finished my proper timetable for the year Afghan leader tries to calm landslide victims amid aid tensions MY TOPIC TODAY: STAY CALM. A fool is quick-tempered, but a wise person stays when insulted. (Prv 12:16) FREE HEADER! Tweet us if you're gonna use it :) - Want it? I'm having one of those, excited about everything days! can't... calm... mind... getting nothing done. be and me instead ...Here you go ,make me the second winner be and me instead ...please make me the second winner Take a moment to sit still and listen to all the sounds of the world around you. It always moves even if you stop to take a breath. Sun shining, chilling in the back garden Too early to sleep &amp; soo, 'then came you' by jennifer weiner it's raining outside btw. I need 52% in my film studies exam to get a B. If you want to look &amp; feel as as her, watch this! "Keep and..." It's a cute sign. But it's also an important message when we're in from Waiting for his next reply... cool Anne... Cool... - Worrisome Weed Whacking! Episode from - and Adam is asleep. lying on the sofa discussing life with me Why always so angry and arrogant? She needs to down and be When I move into the right direction I feel calm The of and on the omg it's happening! Everybody stay calm, stay fucking ! Good Morning!! Have a Radiance day! Absolute Radiance LLC It's all about who can keep their composure at the DMV. when mind is too tried after studying then, u read a novel listen to The calm befor the storm by Pedro Vieira via when mind is too tried after studying then, u read a novel listen to See the world from the other side I'll never know beauty so real keeping and having a Wow!!! Amazing Twittering with May you have deep before, during and after the oh yeah..#bigUp big Joe! Keep lol and Learn Adidas Originals 1982 top Did some running in the early this morning. Check out my new blog post Would love to have blue painted walls with clouds on them. Let's take the time to take a few deep breaths... Lmao Travelling listening is one of the great pleasures that I enjoy..... Matt Williams keeps calm when rear-ended in car accident during radio interview We've seen US assist other nations in combating terrorism. Some of those nations have BETTER soldiers than Nigeria. Murph.....Happy Birthday, Brother. Always on our minds and in our hearts. cc Special or we've got the &amp; sorted! people tweeting bout ur papers, will not bring you any good grades.... So, STFU and study i've been in the heart of it from day can leave gifts in my office I feel like I study more productive when it rains. Where I walk to clear my head. Johannes Brahms is the master of revision vibes Our Peace Through Water is herbs &amp; flowers blended to nerves. Banish the day's stress! Nothing annoys me anymore, I'm like the Buddha Minor anxiety attack...let's see if this whole chamomile tea thing is legit. These counter attacks are working well just need that one extra breath before the finish and its ours ! Want to hear what I can do with three decks and ? Lock in to 1xtra at 9pm and find out T H A N K. Y O U - this is fun!!! Manage stress &amp; keep cortisol levels under control with Even 15 minutes a day can help you relax and relieve stress. High is needed to be calm !!!! It helps u wid a gdnyt ;) David silva ther makes tha, keeps hold until there's an option The sound of rain on the window Works Relaxing SLEEP less than BEFORE THE Bang Bang Pie &amp; Biscuits Today was a chill day for me ; "I create the life I want to live" - So it's exam season... you shouted in that last tweet! Fandom's take things way to seriously 6 ways to help you get to Thankful for places and moments like this Time to sleep... Voices are still active but 90mins of yoga works wonders. Had never heard Barry Trotz talk before today. Wow, what a coach. Someone give this guy a job! A weight has been lifted feel sick is so good. have a good day. God bless me all day all night Short motorcycle nature ride before rehearsal tonight. I-17 Black Night chillin at the fountain with my pipe Not sure if I'm because I enough....or because I anymore!! "Most people have no idea how good their body is designed to feel." Unwinding after a long day. Breathe in slow, out slower. Put legs up the wall &amp; put on some music. Alright...next best thing is Cinderella should be teaching 8 that could help you keep a and mind. Thanks for sharing Mr Lil Cash aka mr 