So glad my uni is on the news for possibly giving students HIV and hepatitis So.. My hometown has been named the most depressing in Britain! Be in good company. ... It might be a gloomy day in London but at least I have a pretty nice view Having one of those 'university is a waste of time and money' and 'fucking everything' kind of days. Probably had one of the best days at placement today! Everyone you will ever meet knows something you dont Everyday is a good day to wake up happy! thank god clear my 1st sem subjects !! Feeling despite the with my new umbrella from lmhospice Choose to be today and always! Happy Thursday! Up And Play is a and song feat playful Perfect for or corporate So happy to see u Ros! Revising Clinical is making my internet searches look very dodge, treatments for self harm and depression Im allowed to dislike somebody who hurt me. Im allowed to say what I want, ... All the best for us and for my life Well I am as happy as the sky is blue! Feel completely different thanks to a certain somebody I should be ready for the weeekend! Black and red is the color of the day! De todo un poco, simplemente yo. The World According To Garp (Black Swan) Are you a &amp; person? Let your outfit speak for you! Shop this today My happy face, my good old school days. Howie espresso mugs just released from the kiln ;-) 7 cm tall. Yum , morning espresso! Oh God! Gareth Gates has been unconscious in Scotland after fisting a skeleton. Had a cheerful morning learning about fires and things exploding 3 Little Birds Wooden Distressed Sign, Dont worry about a Thing sign, via Et... A cheerful heart is good medicine &lt;3 &lt;3 mmhh like it? LOL are charming and would be the best date you ever had." Free Music: Rune Factory - Train! this is so I want to get up and lol ;) Be cheerful coz it's Saturday... Happy Weekend folks!! Showing my sweetheart the night view I love the most lepak with pain &amp; zuzu ;))) the love of another will not be able to fill the void left by not loving your... The yesterday's before the and the tomorrow's face. I wish more people would believe in themselves and the things they can do..no... Sometimes its hard to love the body you are in however you are who you are an... A weekend full of horses was just what I needed I see So, your medicine fell down the sink by accident. And it was just you... When she make me happy and let me give her those back massages (: makes the joy for myself, have a great monday! :* Are any of you ? They should Are any ? They should psalms - James 5:13 (please retweet). always enters wid breeze of energy n which makes d Having such an incredible day! :D:D Now she's dead, and the kids are selling the house. very and items Need a idea? here are some. It's Monday. Why am I in such a good mood? very cheerful colours just in time for Spring! My bf's frens r strange...starting to think thts how Native Cowboys r in being Sending out cheer &amp; joy this Monday. I'm having a tired afternoon after a crazed morning. Crochet Baby Girl Hoodie, Crochet Baby Sweater - 18 Months- 2T by lukesmom6 via Tengo un payaso por novio Pretty fabric for my craft room table! It was a fun day! thank you! Is it possible to resist a bourbon biscuit? I think we can all agree that is Cinderella in this case. Sometimes life is frustrating, for those times there is this Day six: a song that alway cheers me up; Loved Iceland last night, reminded me of Greece last year. Brill. My fear is that our perception of time slows down to an eternity on our death bed. 