Nuthin like a monster brach falling in in the back yard this morning. Think I drank too much coffee today all in one day lol Never actually gonna understand that Eric knows who I am.. Did I really just change my clothes in a moving car?? The week I start thinking about studying abroad, I get this fortune. A 15 year old murders a teacher and can not be named for legal reasons more protection for the criminal than the victim or family What J's does he have on??gotta get me a pair "How in the fuck... Ft. L Giggz Subbed in 8th Grade today Tomorrow I will officially be a fully qualified cabin crew member fit and ready to fly ! I have a crazy dog. My friends bus driver pulled over and threatens to have the dog search us cuz she thinks we're doing drugs Some people are SO different over twitter than in real life OMG AMAZING HAHA SELFIE OF A SELFIE :P I've had the most busiest weeks ever and I've not even been at work this guy .... this shit is ... i tell you he it I can't believe that this is the month I graduate from high school! I checked your profile about two hours ago and wondered when you would get the little blue tick We're basically on right now after 5h at New snap chat has a little basketball game at the bottom of the screen Last night in digs after 2 years of being here maybe you should ask or watching RKNUSA and that Amy from Amy's baking company in Scottsdale AZ is a proper loose cannon Feliz, de uma maneira geral Ibira 5 miles later a truck and a camper on their sides were being righted by huge tow trucks winds are About a week ago I'd be asleep by half ten and these days I'm pretty much nocturnal Had some good times with this girl We could write an entire book of our adventures from this year. The heck?! I'M ONLY 26!! Roll a cigarette get up open the fridge grab a bottle of milk walk outside pull the bottle of milk up to your face and think oh It's always so obvious when my sister hasn't taken her meds They are going to their grandparents for the wkend. The OH and I are going to Rotorua so I can do a Half Marathon tomorrow This segment on is so real right now. Sh*t is at The Staten Island Mall Right Now!.. Helicopters, The Bomb Squad, The President &amp; The Certain things do put a life into perspective! I've accidentally driven to your old house a few times too Aaaaaaa... I hate job hunting :/ :'( Writing an article about my trip so far! Well...at least the parts. love your song you guys are really talented! :) The people that are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do I can't remember 3 things on a shopping list but remember Alan Shearers favourite pre match meal was Chicken and beans. In all seriousness, my bed is the bomb! The sneaker game this summer The Mormons are out riding their bikes in this heat. The case I worked on during my 1L summer is on the First 48 Is it just me that you miss that one person you were able to tell everything to. But now your pretty much strangers. on achete quelque chose . Ayts . BUT FIRST LEMME TAKE A SELFIE xD Drive on air today. almost had to push it In da lab wit the beautiful and talented One week from now I'll finally be done with my freshman year of college from Alice sure knows how to capture me at my best!! Wow, my residents from my first year as an RA are graduating this week! no effing way. Lol. I went to uni for 5 years and grafted.... And these people just put a board on. omg yeah that's like super weird Sparky Anderson's honest to God autograph is crazy for wearing all black in this hot weather oh and it was a black sweater. Just completed the last exam of my college career!!! Here ends the last day of class ever... My cat takes chilled to a whole new level! Doing crazy stuff during track Can you believe I only have 2 weeks left until I see Erika... 2... Damn.... Weeks..... gonna paint my nails for the second time today Let's Go. I hope they gave Ozzy his due Train is a "banger" I have gone crazy! It is May 1st and I put our swimming pool up! $3 billion to be precise... does this mean I'm because Ashley is my middle an it's Mercury said the Caesar hair cut identified him as a homosexual half female and u retard WACKY AND BOARD CHANGES you had a party and everyone was like out of it and you lived somewhere really hot haha it was a bit like spring breakers Just saw a buffalo in reading,pa with with shoes! What do you think of these Luichiny Surreal Peter (Peter: A Darkened Fairytale) Short Poems &amp; Tiny Thoughts - Vol 2 Just finished my final class of junior year. Wow I just realized me and him have something in common now... It's all about Sun, Clan and Fun. Priceless and Epic Summer Getaway. ^_^ you mad?? wtf? your mad!!!! god years ago I stumbled onto to his Rock DJ. 3 min mark left a lot of WTFs in my mind. Throwing up at everyone throwing up on fear factor 3rd row at the talent show omg!!!!! Im conviced u both have mommy issues and thats y ur fucking psychos ! maaaaaad sittn mi nar lie ain't heard dis chune in a hot sec Ridiculousness with i can't even deal Jesus cares more deeply about you than the person that loves you the most here on earth does. Even her own folks talk bout her. GOPer wants to end public schools: Nothing in the Bible about state education if your the race he hates it makes you oh boy~ get the ready ! These and dudes are on the way! My first Red Sox game w/ and domingadecoster only on Get It Today - People wearing jackets in 90 weather!? Loving these Pinterest pics but she seriously must be on social media all day. No wonder she can't get a record deal. Snapchat live video feed has me videoing people without even knowing Good luck to all the Trailwalkers this weekend. Adam Goldner from RK is giving the 100km walk a go this year. is watching JOHNNY ENGLISH REBORN As soon as a girl tell a boy that she a virgin niggas be ready too stop talking to her Nice day Mall Olympic Garden,Malang,East And no I'm not on drugs I'm just hyper ...... XD 0,O $15 dollar minimum wage in Seattle? Get ready to pay $25 for a cup of coffee there! Cleaning out my house in Cleveland is a bittersweet feeling... Had some good times. Time to start next chapter in my life here quick Can't wait for this weekend!!! It amazes me the way my body is 120 days after I quit. I can't say I feel any better, but I know it looks worse. On break and I'm watching this show on HGTV and this couple is in Playa del Carmen trying to find a house to buy WUT Just finished another 2 bags!!!! Just find out my birthday is the same day I was born Don't be fooled into thinking Minesweeper is an easy game. I must being going coz I swear Alex Farr just walked across campus Did I really just get this high score?! Calm down he's my cousin how tf am I gonna be chopping lololol This song makes me feel some type of way Sharia Law Goes Into Effect in Brunei Bitches be 15 saying. I'm gay. The. Bitch. Didn't? Even try the Dick yet I must being going coz I swear Alex Farr just walked across campus MHC or Amherst? That people my age were soo so so bad at 12 compared to the 12 year olds now. it wouldn't surprise me one bit! How bout some of that peanut butter Ching Chong Chicken?! It was like we were playing the hunger games My dog attempted to squeeze herself through a partially open screen door... the brain power is astounding La consentida de la casa The first episode of spongebob aired 15 years ago today. Must Watch: This is one of the craziest and grossest things we've ever seen! What do you know about graffiti paint? We're never gonna survive unless we get a little crazy. A couple Ski Areas up that way still open this weekend too! Grooovy! GIF 7045 added (tags: I do not understand people who drink and drive.... it the burning vun outside and ju drinking the tea vun Because he actually was nice and took a picture with me. :) Yeah the film is weird as hell that woman has lost her mind One year from today the class of 2015 will put their first deposit on college My favorite part of a Boston Bruins game is watching Rene Rancourt do the American national anthem My younger brother graduates high school in 22 days. First time watching Grady Sizemore in person since the infamous "Bug Game" against the Yankees in 2007 at Jacob's Field as an Indian Porque a zueira never ends Shopping Iguatemi Had my last class of my undergraduate career today...#graduating I'm Astro and I'm Crazy!!! I can't believe my sister is 9 tomorrow.. It's weird how you find things out about your own personal life from other people Yeah dad don't worry track is my boyfriend...smh OKC and Indiana both could be eliminated tonight I love bad bad that's my freaking problem! We sung every song you can think of! Haha I LOVE THEM! 8 days until commissioning Am I really about to be a college alumni? where's my bae at? Lol One week left of my first year of college!! and also tag everything to If you only look at one picture today make it this one I've got so much anger built up that if I were to get in a fight i would probably kill the person because I wouldn't want to stop Whatever you decide to do make sure it makes you happy My cat slap to me bitch City driving: no. I'd rather walk the route that Google Maps said would take an entire day. Why the hell would I have an old picture with me first and you at the bottom?? you're She got her ankles BROKE!!! It's 20 degrees in Vancouver. How are people still wearing winter coats? Just filled out my first resume!! When your boyfriend takes a million selfies with your phone. Okay, okay. Get this. There were people talking about music on the internet before Napster. She looks like a wild one! Our relationship is the craziest but funniest and most fun relationship. NEXT STOP INFO &amp; TABLES 849-854-1395 SO I'm not a lol I I must of been one is this like a middle eastern minivan or what. lol. i love the family balance. BUG-A-BOO by Destiny's child!!! Because they are the BOMMBB!!! And have you seen the Wyclef &amp; Kobe cameo? Alright folks, first semester of grad school is officially in the books! has a line like chipotle Throwing it back to one crazy ass night. I can't believe i have watch for 7 years!!!! Meet my best friends for the day!! If you die in an elevator, be sure to press the UP button More fun how could you tell I was talking about you??? Doing all this shit by myself no manager no label 21yrs old dis shit I watched Tori Finucane this winter pitch and now she's on tv pitching against Alabama for Mizzou I don't usually do these but it could be fun. .. Yea ! Crazy day today OF THE HAVE TO Bass Galore by ShellZz I can't believe today was my second to last Thursday shift at Hawthorn. Even served some hot wings to My brother just bit me because I tried to still his turn on a game! Historical Ship Vs Electrical Wires - My asian friends be cray cray! Holy itty bitty they may want to consider changing their name to Macon Bull Ring they were just 3 wide Man I'm Sitting In Atlantic Records Right Now Talking Business! Blah blah blah crazy shit and don't understand Texas A&amp;M got 3 players going in the top 10 next week. 1/3 the way done with college She got her ankles BROKE!!! you do it at this time do night to???! but Estimated Total $130.43 oops. i went crazy with online shopping. um. Having fun with the new YouTube update All that's nonsense you can count me in Haciendo locuras con mi hermano! To bad for Mickey Mouse! The Ritz-Carlton, Marina Del Rey (Pic)More Like Crazy AWESOME - to counterpoint with these babes so crazy how much were alike :0 wow a compliment for him Ella? Ella es mi vida. No ma, no te sale. I come with a warning label lol ijs tell me how justin has no supporters 4 days of high school left... Cause we were born to be bad Las amo negras son unicas yariannis21 &amp; freimgb the world is just gone mad something I dont wana be apart of!! came to watch the show at today Thank you I love these pics of My sister-friend Karen Johnson and her hubby Larry S. Johnson. Bitches be crazy! Not my fault he didn't want to be with you! still can't believe dinosaurs existed Club can't handle us with ma niggas dude I thought about tweeting this earlier Ni estamos tan chistosas :p! He got mad so I got mad cause he got mad Legend says that when you dream of someone, that person is thinking about you. When you think.about them they are dreaming of you. I will be a senior in a little over a month. Where has time gone? you know your best friend loves you when she sticks a peanut butter cracker to your forehead Drinking a beer and playing Halo by myself Yo y mi tornillp suelt :D Back on twitter! It's been awhile shit looks a lot different now so this guy cuts is off as we are changing lanes and we honk and just stops in the middle of the road and gets out of his car hahahah Ohhh Patrick, did you really just tweet that? Ive a weird thing for Steven Tyler. I don't get how &amp; have been able to put up with my tweets for two years now but I'm flattered lol This new snap chat is a Game Changer! My kindergartener was two when I read he Melvin and the Boy. What is this dog doing?!? Behind the seances of SEvERED hey people its veen a day today (: Time to get out of work and go do my Air Alert Graduating put into one word right now: STRESSFUL!! So crazy my heads about to explode Saw my best friend at the mall. Bandits besties in the same building is INTENSE Que ganas de repetir esta noche extremesportsvideos's video why would you even think about Doin that I swear this mfer better not let me catch his ass I put it on my daddy he just woke up Finals must be getting to her. So proud of myself i made it to the gym today for an hour and a half getting back into it Attended my last class of my undergraduate career at UNT today! The past 4 years have flown by! There's not a day that goes by that Siraj is not mad at me. BTW how are these people chefs and serving raw chicken. With the way things are happening in the will next year's teams be fighting for the "road seeds?" 24 Things You Didnt Know About the Subway - Muito bommmmm.... Assistindo Jackass 3.0 I Will Only Go For A Mf I Legit Love Or Care About . I'm want to going skydiving as soon as possible I'm want to going skydiving as soon as possible DON'T JUMP 9 receivers in round 1 Hhhhhhmmmm can I shotgun...all the beeerz? Aint slowin down. Finally tried on my cap and gown My mum had a baby girl!!! Fossil fuel subsidies costing global economy $2 trillion Ha right There's always a crazy bitch somewhere lol The people I consisted my best friends in high school I never talk to anymore.. Just found out I'm part English, Greek, Italian, and Chinese whaaa haha Something Borrowed has proven my point that girls are Huge shout out to !! Great talking to you guys. I'll be back soon Vera Bradley 100 Handbag Plum Crazy person drives you and keeps you Meet the train surfers of Johannesburg, who flirt with death for sport Golden state with the w to force game 7! All 3 games tonight went to game 7s lol Saturday will be crazy! 3 game 7's That game was - Game 7 bitches!!! con la you just gotta she's pretty much yet Tan bella mi nena :)) Saturday 3 game 7 games ! From running around a wrestling ring with a beer keg, to wrestling Kurt Angle. As I get older I see the people that I thought were cool still doing the same stuff What's racist is our children have to eat halal meat weather they like it or not. The n word is nothing It's may. In a few short weeks I will be a college graduate and moving to a new city. Wow! Game 7s on game 7s on game 7s. Saturday all the game 7's Last weekend of my first year in college That nigga jamal crawford was something else tonight, but to see him do it in person upclose I put $25 in gas in my mechanics vehicle and it barely moved the needle. yaay! 2 more days to go and i'll be partying with this and gang again (: ((: Who left me in charge of the boat!? kristiepalin "I like the term retro-technologist. sounds cool. Do I need a degree for this" oh the Radom thoughts in my head crack me up. Lol I love this.... Photo shoot!!! gorgeoussteven came to the conclusion that I'd be locked in a padded room if people knew what my dreams contained at night... I can't believe freshman year is almost over Couldn't get my to but its my Tia Debbie &amp; Annie at the Nat just got mad at me and hit me with both fists like the Hulk does while saying "HULK SMASH!"..... She's Ouch ! Svarer til ca 14,50 DKK I will see my parents in Madrid in T-minus 4 hours. Whaaaa?! Shine bright like a diamond as we sit in the dark A day of running in the park, 8, eating &amp; fries at I go back to being a big girl tomorrow. So apparently I'm crazy. El oh el. Only sometimes.. A girls night out family Hello is it meet you what I'm looking for Just heard the homie new single Meet the world's luckiest unluckiest man who che New job, alone on the Philippe Chatrier Court ! Amazing ! ROLAND-GARROS OH no! Has a LOL and for some reason I didn't think you drank! lol well you can it with :D Pshhht... You haunted me and I returned the favor. Consider us even. If you own a Dog or Cat you ain't shit, These niggas Pets is on a whole new Level Those SOS messages I get from my friends. i cant believe that now aw stop the time is just flyin think their better in the past :L JD honey ready ... Bring on tonight ! With Apparently on average a person spends 2-4 hours on YouTube a day. Why am I listening to Kesha at 2 in the morning? omg this is just madness kuwait I ain't know how to work people until I met zyon But when we arguing shit gets real lol Let's have our meriendas! Eatwell! because they make u feel good;) when u first eat it! N happy because u are hurt because ur obsession over u know who! Workout after party : CXWORK et AQUABIKE So many snakes in the grass I hated Then did the hashtag bit and now, I am actually THINKING in It's rediculous! We've come a long way baby! =&gt;&gt; Brain Implant Could Restore Memories I how this kid is!!! Today is my last ever lecture In life, you must decide &amp; you must follow your decision. Are you a Christian or not? Do you accept the power of the individual When i feel like doing it i will do it! Lol. Im scared of my own face. Hahaha. We celebrate crazy men who stood by their vision.. Steve Jobs Bill Gate... But the applauds came after the mockery and isolation The episode of workaholics where they take shrooms is replaying in my head and making me laugh Now being crazy doesn't mean following a model 4 craziness but rather your path of greatness which most times defies the norm was is only 4 years ago?!? We were just drunk the entire time &amp; the clubhouse well Wishing a giant happy birthday to our very own have an amazing day! Sad.... :( tday so tired We register the newly Azeem Hussain. Look at introducing clan wars clan versus clan war don't believe me ask my boar HAHAHA Could be 4 game 7's in the first round of the playoffs if BK win game 6! chick fight at webfoot!!! took a girls finger nail up the nose in the prevention lmao "Dr Drakes earphones for 20 bucks" says some random bloke in the train In Holland you can get away with murder and get only 12 years or even less and you re free. ... At least I don't agree. Haaaa mee crazzzzyyyy huuuuuuuu ;-) ;-) crazy...;-) I'm scared to question this girls state of mind let the madness begin Facebook messenger what are u upto? ha ha!! I can just imagine!! do you guys like have all these pics on your phone or do you find them?! Tonight was at was off the hook! 7 hours straight thank u took good care of us dancers awesome song. Neva knew it was a duo for some time. Having a conversation in all caps...I think me and Ken is going crazy your songs make me more exited Cos they all as shit you beleive in taking in form players who have had a good season ...... Sturridge on the bench ? Meet the world's luckiest unluckiest man who che We're in May already?! Felt like yesterday was New Years minds are full of beans its such fun to be the freak in the room just on your thoughts alone is fun Lovely dinner at Frederick's in last night for the brothers birthday. Parents hadn't been there since 1989 Last lecture of first yeah this enzo and tyler think Meet the world's luckiest unluck My last lesson ever of all time.. he went from All-Star center to mediocre all in the same season. 2/3 through my nurse training, soon it will be cap and gown time and I finally get a blue dress Ouaaaah! Nan le nouveau Snapchat il est LOURD!! Hahahaha 2/3 through my nurse training Why am I outside at the moment it's like 11 degrees. Meet the world's luckiest unluckiest man who che True Story Of The Luckiest Unlucky Man To Ever Live! if it's true!!! Can someone please tell me this shit aint real...#wtf added to Grand Canyon &amp; Graceland, on my list of 'must see' USA tourist attractions. why is PM intent on destroying part it's wildlife I look too drunk but i love the people you meet around town OMG can you believe this video all marines are watching hahaha its My hair is looking crazy wild today I found out last night that sterling bought the clippers for 19 million dolts in the 90's and they are now valued at around a billion are 4th in the English Championship. How does their wage bill compare to that of and my grandma and me found baby birds in her garden! sooo Rain with thunders tonight please. I wanna hear the thunder so badly it is what plug does to you This time last year I began a crazy 16 days exams, this year I have one more and then I'm done! Honestly, this year is going so quick. As if we're in May already! Making funny faces at myself because I have no friends :'( things we do, for the love of house music Looking forward to of this, but tjis is still only on Get It Today - Check out "Extreme Cutting on Motion - Jim Carrey" on Vimeo Old selfie of mine! :D Me and the bitch costume Warner Bros. Studio We're still in real nappy week! Reason of the day to use real nappies and not disposable? Over 4,000 nappies go to landfill per baby! 24 hours and we will be Scunthorpe bound! Cech &amp; Courtois at Chelsea in the same season.. 2/3 best keepers in the world No bids yet! :-o What is wrong with people? I'm in such a good mood for no apparent reason, JayZ just came on and I'm dancing round like a idiot Found this on my deskpad this morning haha one to another! Too many convo errors for My dad has bought a boat...such a crazy man haha! Quite excited to go on it with the children though But they don't understand the way I feel for you Is unlike any other thing I've ever felt before :) yea / thank god there fans not gen. Mgr.s Isaac John, the man who couldn't make it in super league yet manages to get into the kiwi team! Just heard that Wednesday was the 11th rainiest day in New York En la playita del palo. Thank thought I was gonna go .. my work life drives me Who is the winner of selfie? Prioritas team.. BCA setiabudi Whoa. I had time to stop for on the way to work. Can I be your masseuse ? :D I can ... I Love You :) Newcastle!!! obviously!! Your not ready for what your about to witness ;) exactly but that won't happen - I can't even comprehend how we have the highest water and power You see all this talk of getting Pep at Man United? Few little details... then... ... The boxing this saturday is gonna be The boxing this saturday is gonna be Lol we clowning in science Mrs.Riddle got a sub we acting crazy or nah We're in the Lost Hills. 1000 FOLLOWERS SUR VINE... THANK YOU SO MUCH What a in on are while watching it. I just had my first piece of bread since January *Grins madly and trembles and kisses you back* about my "Being around you drives me nuts, and not around you drives me nuts." -Damon Best line ever? I think so. 520 10 Most Hilarious and Searches By The People [#Infographic] I feel like I'm the only one awake at this time of day. if I'm wrong!! Which, I admit is of the "I'm no light ~~i'm no dark". ive missed nights like this, haven't been well so it's been no oh god Loving MJ's new song!!! Didn't think I'd be saying that... What if I told you there was a middle-aged man, in spandex, that lures little boys into his basement? ...also he pretends he's a bat. This ish ....she posed to be dancin tmrw &amp; Sunday! Thas a lot of ass Society cares not when we really do it, but when we dared to talk about it. Only 70 days to wait !!! with a fucking line up !!! xD Hey) today my nails are crazy) is ready for who's in for a ? C y'all 2night ! Carr is the... Half a day left at work! I found nemo!! don't know what he is doing... where is dory?? Liverpool thought they had the title won, now they're relying on Everton showing up against City Charity shops using have to inform donars of the revenue earned from their donation and ask if they would like the money Meet the world's luckiest unluckiest man who che Saturday morning shenanigans!! One our way to Sarasota to move our furniture! The best shit to come out this year Last day of true classes! Freshman year is almost over... :( Last day of classes for freshmen year Laughing hysterically counts as workout, right? why do ppl walk upstairs texting? I have to make my presence know when walking down, so I don't walk into them I have a mother that does everything but get in the pool Made some lady's morning she pet my dog and started crying cause when she grew up her dog looked like mines and her name was marley Crazy when a song is in your dream at night and then pops on the car radio in the morning. Warning: This game is Highly ! Slots Well I do blame the alcohol I just lose myself haha With my boyfie last night. Hahaha. Today is goin to be an amazing day!!!:D Can't believe that's a regulation too..they might as well say 'try your best not to be yourself!' :-/ Getting ready for my last full day of highschool. A little goes a long way! In the midst of all the yesterday, I completely forgot my ah! So here it is people! sorry sorry. Super bored :) :))) sorry for the face! This is my last Friday of high school.. Just got out of work and queuing for flight check-in. The boxing this saturday is gonna be mad excited for it! !! Levantarte con esto y pensar con que andamos? Reading the Great Gatsby and Daisy might just be the most annoying character ever. Also can't believe he turns out to be a werewolf. I will never understand the obsession with a holding company. Their ignorance, paranoia and obsession knows no bounds Zoe. Art selfie Just nothing to do There is seriously a 5-bite diet! You can eat anything you want, but you just get 5 bites every meal.... No way. What can I do ? I feel like the color blue.. Me and my babz Class - Lebanon Had a dream where I died of old age. I could actually feel myself fading away and was aware I was finally dying. You make me feel good But it's a problem if I don't tell you something.... Today is my last day of official freshman classes.................... HOLY SHIT! Last day of junior year classes! Say what?! I doubt I am the only angry teacher out there, and the SC GOP better be glad they have gerrymandered our state into oblivion. how da hell can you take a selfie while driving ?? More new Sound in my Appartement! Be don't give into the that tell you that you are you're just what 40% of children born last year were born to single mothers Mom started snorting in the car you know its gonna be a good weekend! 10 That Will Exist in the Max Clifford sentenced to 8 years in prison?! Meet the world's luckiest unluck Meet our retarded producer ! | | Such a fun chat with ! Crazy we are. Especially me.. Milwaukee has played 6 more games then Detroit has. Whoa, Donald Sterling's son found dead. At the age of 31. i'm more dangerous on black friday, i'll like trample someone for a good deal probably why people die in the states There is a Ksh250,000 hairdo in Nairobi! smh that statement ooozes so fitting Who is on the wheels today?someone goin gaga dj Can't wait to see these girls again Oh my god! Bates Motel right now Celebrating Gabby's birthday and our 'last day' in college.. GOPer wants to end public schools: Nothing in the Bible about state education 6 days until this High School is our past. Las que me aceptan como Yo soy Las amo The All New in Va. Beach -&gt; New Friday Night Experience for... I literally just read about this before u posted it. It's got no walls etc So crazy to think the 13th is my last day at MHS My last day of classes.. Ever... (Until grad school) so yesterday i did a throwback to when i drove my car into a ditch, and today on my timehop it said it happened exactly 3 years ago.. Seriously? Why are you singing in the work bathroom? Throwing it all the way back to the pigtails Officially finished with my freshman year of college. In one week I will be graduating from college!!!! it's like if a picture could define our relationship. That would be it! view from our new house "oUr" Block ~la la la oh! Save me from reality, hey baby can't you see :) Just met two other twins that sit next to me in class! Crazy time with willrikitamzil make me happy!!! Graduating today cant believe 2 years already flew by In a fury, Gaia Earth eats a dozen cars via Finished my last class of my college career!! $99 to fill up this truck! Hahahah now my turn hahaha selfie A very happy birthday to this crazy cat! tetley_sam2 just finished my freshman year of college!!! throw up new collection jidohanbaiki can be educated. can be medicated. But there is no cure for Just took my last final as an undergraduate at Troy! Blessed and ready to see what God has in store for me! I graduate 7/25 She got her ankles BROKE!!! Meet the world's luckiest unluckiest man who che OldTown White Coffee, Kubota Square.. Seeing all + on my degree audit makes graduating seems so real! What's with the big price increase for rentals Kinda steep. It's likely true. Why try to deny it I want a lip piercing!!! / but I don't know!!! Look at this lime 2 / $1.99 corona now with lemon sorry I wonder if the guy who wrote that comment card is like "ohh shit what did I do?" I got one less problem without ya Morning sugar from my offspring Gal changes/rotates her frequently. Gets if always same. Ur 2! Ha this is too funny What my dad just painted... Wut Last day of classes at College of the Ozarks...ever. GE's done! Isn't it weird how we can think in our head! Like it blows my mind! Done with finals &amp; Sophomore year!#waitwhat who is that .. don't comment this pic!! spring camp registration has begun! Just becuz were that and Is it cool nowadays to smoke e-cigarettes when your 13? Wow. Beautiful day in Central Park NYC today! Does Marble Slab bring out the kid in you? (Thanks for sharing.) Lool! I know that feeling I have loads of maths to do and business to catch up on, heres me watching Jeremy Kyle! This is how Aaron plays the Lego game And just like that, im a junior in college. This lady next is telling the lady next to her the aliens are coming and they are going to kill everybody lol I finally get a look in? Kids look nothing like me but my do they go like me! fun xxx Crazy, crazy week! But at least I got this view? Read all about it here: I can't believe prom is tomorrow! Senior has flew by! haha eyebrows 500#dress to drive#flyeye sunglasses#theirs to many lol i've been drinkin monsters everyday lately. Huuhh..amazing huseinidol8 ft. novitadewi decode sport Kinda late but I didn't know that and and Peyton Manning are minority owners of the Moving downtown. Hello new life adventure. It's official. Running Sunday for a training day for the ultra in 3 weeks summer vacation to Paris with teens?! Can't believe this is happening. Full marks on my interview and a 3 for my final portfolio. Our paper ball fight in class tho lol I don't wanna miss a thing. Summer vacation to Paris with teens anyone?! My beautiful mentor has picked up a cheque for 10,534 amazing whaaaaa!! Cant believe I move in with jeff today Viernes lleno de pereza :/ :/ :/ Hopefully visiting 23 different countries next year! That's just how we roll Omg my friend got honey and eggs thrown at her I just got free sweets lol. Feel so bad for cleaners only on Get It Today - This is just for fun guuys!! Flashback Friday to prom with the besties and our crazy faces No creamer in my coffee makes naty go ... Something ...something Day 1 of our duo vegan 30 day meal plan. Me and or Just did my studio photo shoot for complimentary studies and its safe to say they are gonna be some crazy images Oh my I love my mom At work dippin the shit out the company truck LMAO Getting freaking nervous! Not for the wedding buy for having to talk in front of people My mom is reuniting with a brother she hasn't seen in 32 years! Cannot believe the rudeness of a woman on the train who shoved her bloated self in front of me and then told me to stop pushing her! now aren't you even more interested in See how we are? Omg my friend got honey and eggs thrown at her I just got free sweets lol. Feel so bad for cleaners Wow one more week and I'll be home. Where did this spring semester. THE AMAZING SPIDERMAN 2 IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!! How are these {new post} on now/#ootd Blessed! 1st in my 100m heat! Ahhhhh Kerr has a .454 3-point shooting average, that's like Dwight Howard free throw percentage heading to my last class of freshman year Ohhhh I am canceling my charging me 3x's in a month is ---&gt;Save your money :) All these people with like 8 eyes and closed side view mirrors. seriously tho how do they drive here You're crazy if you think I was talking about you haha OMG 1 ancestor of mine had 14 kids between 1834-1855! Everybody's going on the Estadio Nacional of Santiago de Chile... It was Totally Think Dennard &amp; Gilbert could be gone by So many scenarios in this draft.. When you go to CNN and Waseca is the first story The last ever episode of FRIENDS . Was shown 10 years ago today, Doesn't seem that long at all.. 2 weeks from today Ill be home!! same price to fly return to Venice last week as it was to travel from to Manchester Stop what your doing Immediately &amp; watch me eat fruits for 2 minutes! all five of the beautiful girls are going to University of Delaware!!!! Photo: This actually works!! I will be able to see my fingers when I type at night ! Ha ! That dream I had was ummmmm I'm so hoping my kids have a early night there driving me mad!! by santana_stjohn "Always to see my old how I stumbled upon it. Con mi magda FunDay Ltda. Cause I ain't been myself lately something going on Nah boy I haven't even slept I've been up all night long in my head Ronaldo has 3% less body fat than the average super model about to take my last final ever Crossing people over in public What's going on in Japan? Writing an essay about martyrs while in martyrs????? This is real, this is me...I'm sup...#scared Up all day. Up almost all night, Today is my last day of undergraduate classes ever! So many Game 7s in the first round of the playoffs why does do what ever she wants (including speak for people) but you can't defend a friend. s new hairstyle reminds me of "loc dog" from south central! She needs to Yeah... He didn't want to finish off our round with us either! These are the top 15 craziest names for both men and women! What's a name that's not there, but should be?! Con las locas, las amo I've reached a point in my life where I relate EVERYTHING to theories, I can't help it is driving me One down, last exam ever on Wednesday Finished my last final as a first year. Where does the time go? First game of cricket tomorrow and mother has chucked my cricket bag out now left with a ikea bag Stalking myself, looking for whatever it is that gave me away, whatever influenced that move. Girls need to chill these days I really have no idea who was Ruth Roman but + look fabulous in this scene! YESSS! I'm gonna get by falling in with !!!! A crazy day at universal studios About to get on the train and TSA is everywhere.. travels.. This is what happens when you are in the library for 12 hours !! My life as a kindergarten tutor in the classroom is a whole lot more fun than my regular life. Me and my Turtles! I don't really know [blog] Why a great teacher is a weird teacher Sleepy at 1 am. Hahaha First time for everything! Yesterday's client turned up with this little guy First time for everything! Yesterday's client turned up with this little guy And Lloyd. What are you doing? You aren't good enough to play in the PL but have been offered a chance. Reality has hit. It's time. Guy sitting in front of me on bus is playing air guitar YA WHATTTT. you seen these train fares?!?! Whoa! Thats all that needs to be said about this film. There are three first round game 7's tomorrow.. She got her ankles BROKE!!! 276 Nigerian schoolgirls still missing after mass kidnapping: Police WTF? 276! over here slapping herself and screaming stop trying to get me in trouble Call momma we got some drama! I have one of the coolest best friend ever my Stephy pooh!!! All that needs to be said.... In less than 24 hours, I will be done with a half marathon... Oh my is so mean Next time I drive home from Lincoln.. It will be for good. O dj mais massa da Argentina! Tonight will be my 17th recital with DTW Last class of freshman year &amp; last one at purdue :( Crazy old man cycling along motorway! New style of making or - Last day of my sophomore year of college.... Yea thats a thing. Like a CN tower challenge to climb to the top. Apparently my (uncle? some relative?) tried it Court shows are funny, where do they find these people Just to make you feel old, the members of Busted are 30 years old now! let it go let it go a new life is waiting So stick to your own ofverander yourself Sean Hannity vs Himself on Christopher Hitchens watch on BirthControl Ca se passe au Montana Just had my last class of my freshmen year of college.. I still remember being that kid grinding for the scholly! Now it's almost all over, starting to hit me! Sienna lives in the flat with Maxine and Patrick and she has not seen it/been missing in scenes now all of a sudden back Second part, All Of Me . Amazing how the human mind works ... Soon as you get what you want, you reject it or don't want it anymore POPEYE THE SAILOR MAN :) :) mY fAV nd character ;) I missed your banter &amp; commentary! &amp; fans should check this video out I think it's funny how you can love someone soooo much &amp; then it all changes within days. Have you heard my new track with ... listen this!! Can't believe I'm done with all my classes for my freshman year of college! asif our year 11 prom was 5 years ago! don't know how you are cycling in that weather!! Is that snow! I take my hat of to you! With great power, comes great responsibility.. Haha love this kid!! rosariahm I've been up since 6am, done a 9 hour shift, going out later, back at work at 8 tomorrow and I'm going out tomorrow night Suppose so - but you'd drop that much into it, if not more... That box here, would run about 50K lol ... Wow I haven't eaten any junk food for over two days (since I promised to u). Sometimes I even impress myself what I would do for u Loading the car to go to and are the best! Cannot believe that this time in 3 weeks I will of finished my first year of uni it's gone so fast Look who did something last night! Con mi amor, Tobias y Cristi Convinced my employer/or office admin is trying to kill me. Kesha and Beyonc on Friday and 80s love on Mondays. She got her ankles BROKE!!! lmao I liked 's song ! We are C R A Z Y Awesome night spent with those ladies Chai Chee Community Center KTV What would you name this? .... The Green Bay Symphony Orchestra is not performing after there 2015 season. i remember dancing with them 4 our ballet company. Mum has put the egg in with the chickens to see if it will hatch Milow- We must be Crazyy My fav song Drive you (like a boss) - Type (#uk 2014 new hit via Brown boys causing me stress and alarm I freak out when some parents don't put their baby in a car seat. for that lady.. Dando um de expert na sinuca!! Kkk Blitz Halls Di hyn heb cweit suddo mewn i'm mren I eto...ar y ffor I Lundan a mynd I Amsterdam fory, gath hyn ond ei drefnu nithiwr!! :-) Me &amp; my brother too. At the first note, we start to dance. Texts from always brighten my mood Wayne Co Clerk: U.S. Rep. John Conyers does not have enough valid signatures to get on primary ballot: If the scale at the gym is right I've gained 20lbs &amp; I'm assuming that's muscle bc I haven't gotten fat lol. s snap chats are my absolute favorite. La rousse de ma vie Just got out of my last class of my undergraduate career So true! Check it from a different perspective.... Times up for Dyfi enduro training drinks ILOILO Photos: Smoke two joints!!! The average looking car in Italy... I would cry if this was mine Iowans: cops can now pull you over anywhere at anytime if your license plate frame is covering the county name Con ustedes la loca de las lomitas If you want to see what my wedding won't be like you should watch Four Weddings. Wow can't believe i did this tonight. Especially as I've been up since 5am! Smithbridge road yesterday (top) and today (bottom) This room right now.... haha Taking the for a walk. Just saw a fight go down in front of Walmart My boyfriend sometimes works 130 hours a week. Me too. That would be a bummer! Ain't nothing stopping me from Vegas!! next question why are we doing shots at 3pm. I'm like graduating college in a few days. This pic is so old... But I love my tongue hahaha my red tongue lol Doing crazy things in the floor with haruhia xp it was "THOU SHALT COMMIT ADULTERY." "salt and freshly ground black people". "THOU SHALT COMMIT ADULTERY." "salt and freshly ground black people". Coming home and saw a guy drifting around a curb almost only on 2 wheels. Greys.......has so many "same" things in my life. Selfie perruno, Yokito y Olivia!!! The world is at war &amp; I'm on my way to get a cut Hey you need a twitter login for a social media dashboard, makes no sense.I have to fill out a form Someone has brought us murfins with bhang lol the stories in Kim's house tonight You people who run these marathons are Our song comes on for the first time in months ? Crazy Can't believe today was my last day of college for..Ever ?! y hahaha que combinacion,i know,i'm crazy :) When your 79 year old grandmother made a new Facebook and posted a selfie of herself as her profile pic.... 30 people die in and the US says "that's ok besause they are pro Russian" I can't believe prom was 5 YEARS ago I leave my phone for 2 hours, come back and have over 100 notifications along with 5 DOI pros appearing in my mentions and DM's. I'd tag you if I didn't block you and I don't give a fuck...you don't know what I been through that made me the way I am... so Los Angeles a crazy city re-recorded narration many times on a demo video because I don't like the way my voice sounds. In my head I hear Clint Eastwood was , have you tried My platinum request is sent! Just discovered my entry was a slush save by who shares my last name. They call me cray-cray for a reason! SO CRAAAAZYYYYYYYY !! Great day omg While I haven't read all tweets, I've read many &amp; it should not be this rough on to point out ignorance of others. The weird moment when you see kid cartoon and they are killing each other -_- .. .. hahaha thats how i look after hard and So much has changed since this time last year How could you die in just 23Mons of the show!!! Today Lexie fell and took the skin off her knee. When I asked her how she did it she just was like. I was so close to flying! That neurotic gene comes from the Lebanese side of the family Who's psycho, pathetic mom just called my house to scream at a underage girl? Lmfao how sad Went and checkout all the time of spent playing my and added the hours up 465 hours +19 days Literally can't believe how much has happened since my 10th birthday... I don't think so. Toni broke it up before it escalated too far. Any cyclist riding at night without lights or reflectors should rethink their lives Lo que ocasiona el desempleo :) The boxing this saturday is gonna be "Worry, why do I let myself worry?" Patsy Cline - Crazy - JazzAndBluesExperience: -bout it (djslowblend) MOVE THAT DOPE Whoever decided that we should move out during finals week needs to be slapped Chilling with the crew the fun we have Is how everyboby requesting $5 from me and i only have $3.. Finito my second year of college Suge called Diddy a bitch and said Tupac ain't dead, nigga's fuckin Dinosaur footprints in the Arizona desert! so apparently "smh" means 'shake my head'. James Franco started following my cousin on Insti. muaha 't Kuipke tijdens de break! why couldn't you just call me? Instead of tweeting me Does one really think that only Malaysian and Chinese Pilots fly in this airspace How ridiculous is technology today?! Can you imagine what it's going to be like later on in life?! Again with my sister ;) came out of retirement today and was killing niggas with one arm.. His off arm too lol Damn the line to get into the chow wagon is all the way to the sidewalk. beat Nan Kin opposite the Plaza, food staff. Roll on 26th May over for a week!!! Considered selling my Parklife ticket until I remembered being in that tent with last year Ed Snider tells reporters he thinks his team needs tweaks and not a big move. I swear, is like my soul mate and we're just getting to know each other It's all going on around here! Yeah pretty much!#men you can't ever win! Us women are all a little bit one minute Lloyds TSB are removing overdraft fees just for islamic customers?!?!?!?!?!? What??? Why??? She's crazy but I sure do love her Call me but I think it was their intention all along. Officially a senior in college Moving my little girl out of her college dorm tomorrow for the last time. I need a Haircut! que guapo Can't believe my birthday is tomorrow already! como quiero al capuyin este ! If Scunthorpe draw their game tomorrow, they would have been promoted with more draws than win! Two crazy ladies. I love her This chick is crazy Lol adriaaaw_naaah If Scunthorpe draw their game tomorrow, they would have been promoted with more draws than wins! Don't Make A Fuss... via Crossing our fingers that we don't die on our date with Got a detention because the teacher decided to lie.... yea okay cool! oh Orla wer do u find dis stuff hahaha I just want to one day drive by while he's making his daily snap stories in the car My mums making me go on snapchat live so the pets can talk to eachother Exactly a year ago today I was hired at this amazing company. I have a great job and it pays well. And today I just got amazing news! i just realized there now 2 tyler's and 2 Dylan's on teen wolf an beautiful start to the weekend HELL YES DaM its :-) I don't know why but I am now obsessed with dancing, my house has become my own private party :) is brushing her teeth while on the phone to me STD Makes Crickets Mate Like - May 2 5:20 PM ET just saw on an commercial When this guy in the mall got disappointed when I told him I have a boyfriend! Lol! so weird but I totally lived in that house my junior year and that was my room! Aww i'm a little lady :) Jansen flew over the cuckoo's nest! Lol Sometimes I bring out the in my shoots! Sometimes! :) The guys from Zaboomafoo have an animated series. Oh my goodness. Just by sending one text, you can break someone's heart or make it feel like it was never been broken. SB: A wild 5th inning is over. It's 6-6 here between Ridgewood &amp; Indian Hills. Between the 2 teams, 5th inning had 9 runs, 10 hits. Would you freak out if you see this while in the I know in late but my Which means that our dog is smarter than we thought n let him self out! I haven't been lied to in 8 weeks.. The first day I get out someone lied to me.. want to get inside my mouth and touch my lips, there's something wrong with that child.... six days until im done with high school Me and my boo at George Wayne's top 100 party! gtysimpson Mack Wilds album is crazy! Hip Hop! Hennesy feat Busta and Mobb Deep. Wow fucked up parents smh I still am not sure about jersey step music I can't believe I just won a trip to universal with just a quarter. often youre loving someone else that have older age than you Our "conversations" is you apologizing and me forgiving you. That's it. I can't remember our last actual talk. Took a trip to one of the creepiest places I've ever seen If committed isn't waking up at 4 am then idk what is. Lol I don't like how you drive Tonight gun be crazy!!! See all you beautiful people tonight! Go to eat, mmm gummy gummy! Unforgetable! Even he called us I Never understood why he did it! We so sweet and calm Haha just amazing Michael jackso, feat justin timberlake If raymondville and lyford win round 2 they play against each other round 3 just amazing Michael jackson feat justin timberlake just amazing Michael jackson feat justin timberlake you are crazyyyy lucky you missed the end of the day White parents vs black parents "#funny LMAOOO I'm far too excited for Alton towers, I feel like I'm 5 years old and it's Christmas Eve! With my new boricua friend!! XP and all my crazy ones Yikes! 103 right now. But it's spring not summer. hot How does mayweather makes so damn much money off one fight smh i danced to slsp with a magazine. Is this the first time that a live performance has happened at a weigh in? 2 Chainz rapping while walking Mayweather to get weighed. I hate not knowing what the rest of the day looks like This day is going to be.... :$ A Time Lord battling Terminators There's a driving that car! Crazy minds always put great ideas togather ;) Nutrition talk/q&amp;a with local school kids this afternoon, then we all had an autograph signing session! don't end up blowing u self. We still need u. Tonight is gonna be funnn She is a to be honest!! and Butch just left Quail Hollow. Girls following Ricky Fowler Call 202.630.8874 for Bottle Service. Darn. Thought I'll make it scratch free. Finally home with body aches and some abrasions. jaming to its friday bby...kuyanyiwa! excuse my FRENCH T Y Lord ! WOUHOU !!! Just ekspress your face like crazy girl HAHAHAHHH dyyyyymn gurl lol ok fast im waiting. I still need my mom to tell the doctor's whats wrong with me and I'm going to be a senior Over 700,000 views on YouTube! thanks for all you do from all the cigar family I just question how the city of Poway elects their city officials. Talk bout sports and become the mayor!?! Fresh out the shower.. Just noticed how fucking long my hair is!! Messing with my Madre while she's cleaning my big me the miss our like emmas quince and sleepover Ahhhhh feeling like I may lose my mind. That bus ride :O !!! Baltimore got a lot of talent but people to busy hating on eachother instead of pushing eachother to succeed Ppl Wanna See Floyd Fail Why Hate On Greatness Just shook hands with the Midwest Regional VP, and he said he was extremely proud of me. Just realizing how big this internship is! Lmao I rather for my city to steal police cars than kill each other any day.. cant actually believe i have five school days left and then ive finished school for good I'm But The ! :3' Shout out to the lady driving the gator on 43rd street smoking with propane tanks right behind her Check out my new record "RAR" remix now &gt; Beating the heat with a water balloon fight!! My middle finger is possessed! Kept twitching like My bedroom was invaded by a baby squirrel while I was at school It feels SO good to be done with teaching this week! Catch up with crazy cousins ! It's Friday night! Time to order a pizza and watch the in my underwear!!! Yo they are pulling huge trash bags full of stuff from this UT apartment. And it was over 15 of the trash bags. -don't agree. What Z-Bo did was infinitely worse. That being said I don't think he should be suspended. For GAME 7?! Hacemos cosas locas mi bebe (8) when she gave me the finger I wanted to cry Beware for this gentlemen. . Mi locura no tiene remedio :3 Tommy's hair for crazy hair day at school. he At this time next week I will be home for the summer Summer Gateaway for 3 days and it's been like 1 week These roster moves will make or break careers, hope teams being greedy. won't end some of them. Lying in bed and just thinking about how much my life has changed over the past year Bird. Good morning. by joga_ Video de instagram! Be proud of who YOU are! Even if your fucking So put your middle finger up in the air like you just don't care! Do you read what you type and ask yourself why? Then you realize you shouldn't answer yourself oops did I just answer myself 4 more days of high school and leave for the senior trip a week from today!! Two more reaction videos left for me for awhile! It's mean out here in these streets lol So snapchat is now snapchat, face time and whatsapp all merged into the one app Prom in 2 weeks ... And to think they called you guys "idiots".....Haaaaaaaa! The cops ran in the crowd and I saw about 15 black guys go the other way think the cold that you didn't get from me, is making you delirious ALL of my cousins are here from Dallas and ill say it's like we all have the same personality theres 6 of us Two more reaction videos left for me for awhile! bittersweet moment It's like thunder, lightning. The way she dresses is frightening. I ATE ALL THE PIZZZAAA!!! Got to work it off! Attack of the twins!!! Trying to get to Titan!! Photo: Xbox e poker com os amigos! Shad wont text me back all day but then sends me a text about a party? of ya dreads caught on fire I seriously can't believe myself at times...I'll do something and then wonder where in the world the thought to do so came from. Diana is messed up in the head oh okay I see awe that does suck then!:/ Joyce's first time having Reddi Wip Why so serious? The Pharaoh in mode Mi locura no tiene remedio. Yep people I'm jumping out of a plane with my mommy June 28th OMG!!!! Uma selfie com a me hihi :3 Just read a comment that someone watches 'Nashville', but skips the singing performances. YOU WHAT. That's the reason of the show! Que grande son los ninos! RED HAIR!!! ...i feel like Ariel :D This Campbell vs Cardner-Webb game is intense!!! One of Gods best gifts: these four girls I love you guys! Time flies by so fast, can't believe it was this time last year I graduated from college!!! Dicen que lis locos viven felices. He want me but my feelings to caught up for a nigga who dis like me huh ! This kid just has to be a freaking DEMON Ok now its geting cra cra ! Perfecta Jams pero si unica cute NIALL YOU DRIVE ME CRAZY !!!! My dad just said "Church" after I hit em wt some facts Jayda is gonna be a freshman in HS while I'm a Freshman in college ! Going to see back home in Belgium!! After the deception of not seeing her in Nashville I'm finally getting to see her 1 person has already claimed this deal for May! You get defining gel and fab wrap for The special... Im going to wipe my vagina with a tampon. What DOESNT ensue when Im with Molly I hate leaving my room dirty, it literally iterates me while I'm gone Power went out for like 2 minutes at work! Having a minor operation on my right hand thumb Tuesday morning. Y'all please say a prayer for me. This is surgery number 36! Just realized in 25 days I'll be 21 though to be honest I consider my ideological opponents as those who believe in death for blasphemy. How my night is with 13 year olds... my Currently watching a show all about ferrets &amp; ferret shows..I didn't even know they had those! Wtheck! Lol At the LULAC Banquet times 18 kids 4 dads. I'll be surprised if I have a house to come back to on Sunday Only 10 days until my surgery Thanks for the screen change ya creep lol. Wuv youss Eatocracy 9,000,000 pounds of beef recalled. One weekend left here at Hofstra.. Drug lab found today by my big's apartment... My Friday nights are a total ragers! Reds talking about varga and Shannon during this game When you both cry because its over Now that I think about it, without beer, flight delays probably wouldn't be fun at all. People might even dislike them. Just got my divorce papers signed! And as soon as we leave divorce by tammy wynett comes on the radio lol I'm surprised the waiter didnt quit after dealing with us.... took a nap from 8-9pm its a friday in Playing bananas at First Fridays in crossroads district Pop Up Art Gallery you work out four times a day. She got her ankles BROKE!!! I was taking a pic of in science... And the flash went off! Haha! Good thing we didn't get caught LOL! 6 flags was a ton of fun! Had a blast! May is a wild month. I have one more exam before this journey ends. Grad party in 7 days, grad in 8 days and my bday in 13 days! Cantando por triana!!!Vaya dossss!!!!#spain punt nou If drops the 40 , it's a wrap. Thor's on... So I'm still up while the family sleeps Follow my spectacular cousin, she's setting up a deli cafe! and Gracie legit like best the shit out of me earlier Hehe happy Friday my crazies! Toronto, memorial cup, voyage days, Huntsville again.... is everywhere lately! yeh im in fits of laughter every time I see my name What a turn up at chilly billys Hanging with my bffs all night long I always thing about you -__-' {Can but mustn't and needn't} ... ...... !! You do not have eyes, just intelligent eyes. Digging up river beds can be tiring! Haven't found much but still have something to take to lab. Bowling with these crazy kids Full creamy Haryo's 17th Birthday Embreagados de amor ... (y "You know how you can make this up to me?Let's go get best friend tattoos" Breakfast view one! The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong That was just wrong to end it there!!!! YOU ARE KILLING ME!!! I hope had lots of security guys babe I know she set us up but I'm thinking when Gaffigan says "adults who go to Disney" I have a big Puerto Rican forehead and I'm Sometimes tweeting is basically like talking to yourself. I've never saw the Pens play so inconsistent before. whoever wrote these lines deserves an award Annoying facial expressions as well as annoying FatiNasrina! Lolz :-D Lost someone in the woods, someone stole a car. All in ten minutes Lol! U alwayz impress Loved the song nd video I was Cryin coz I was laughting so Loud be my frnd !!! 21 Examples Of Flaunting His Insane Wealth via Best of luck to my bgf as she burns up the trail in the bear mt. 50miler Craig Smith and Dennis Erb having some extra curricular activity. I believe the cats name was Craig Smith anyway.. In New York state you must legally inform the buyer of your home if the house is haunted After massage view:) The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong Ugly dude cheats on hot gf with another hot bimbo??? How does he do it lmao meet who?? hahahah :3 Can't believe we're going to be seniors in a MONTH lol Anybody watch the interview with Just saw some drunk girls walking down the road and one of them was only in her bra.. Turn Down For What !!! en train dcouter DJ Snake &amp; Lil Jon - Turn Down for What Thee Arielle Dionne Show starring and myself coming soon in July How is keeping a straight face during this she is talking in circles like a fruit loop too. Just watched a very odd interview don't know how Barbara didn't laugh in her face Con las mejores hoy en la gira. Love ma girls!! What is this dog doing?!? I am missing someone, but I don't know who. Wait, how could that happen at the first place? Monte Ellis and tony Parker should finish the game with a one on one. This is how I feel. Every night. Monta Ellis avoids Burger King commercial in 15 years. has never seen the notebook!!! What?!?! Five Game 7's in the first round and could force a sixth. so far! This is a wild NBA playoffs first round! 5 game sevens already! We have 5 GAME 7's this WEEKEND!! These Playoffs have been amazing!! 5 game 7's this weekend and possibly a 6th one ALL in the 1st round 5 game sevens in the next two days, could be even 6 Whats the difference between a pizza and my pizza jokes? My pizza jokes cant be topped! Happy belated birthday 5 game 7's in the first round! DONT MAKE IT 6! its time to beat houston! lol 5 game 7's this weekend and possibly a 6th one ALL in the 1st round $$$$$ Rockets win tonight and we are looking at six Game 7s in the first round of the NBA playoffs?! 5 Game 7's in NBA Playoffs First round palang ng NBA playoffs to ah. I straight turned away from that Spurs-Mavs game..... now we got ourselves a game 7. Tomorrow is really prom though..... She got her ankles BROKE!!! Teams down 3-2 are now 5 for 5 in forcing a game 7! ? The opening round of the NBA playoffs are legit! As of now, there will be 5 Game 7 with the possibility of 6. 5 "game 7's" in the first round of the playoffs! Another game 7 in the 1st round of the NBA Playoffs. yeah this is kind of awesome lol not gonna lie This 1st round is amazing!!! Best I have ever watched!!! This was a push notification I got from a game I play on my phone. I'm drunk, so I'm only going to edit this tweet 6 times before hitting the send button I need you more then dope Let's have another game 7 Let me take a selfie... Slide threw tomorrow cuz we bouta be ON !!!! Tickets 15 at the door is very when in ... ! Game 7's and 4-pt plays If Houston wins tonight. There will be 6 game 7's to be played. I have so many personalities with so many different people im 99% sure im a schizo half the time lol Prosecutor: Woman stabbed boyfriend because he didnt buy her gift. She stabbed him in front of his son This homeboy needed a belt so I helped him out! For some odd reason....I feel perfect! Im going to go blind This is my crazy, awesome, and beautiful family and I wouldn't change it for the world. Wow! Barely recognized her! With eyes Racist Ole Miss students riot over Obama win via This happened 2 years ago but dang is that OMG! They are coming out with a show called "Girl Meets World!" It is about Corey and Topanga's daughter! This damn picture she sent me lmao ticked like 10 things of my bucket list in the past two days. also played on that big piano haha After this evenings adventures w/Hol, Im certain that I'm constantly on a hidden camera show. For sure. Add another 2 game 7s to the first round I'll be in noo time! I got shi! to say that you guys havent really thought off Feels like it's gonna be an all-nighter Tomorrow I graduate college- where has the time gone Just watching the First 48 and I just can not understand how people can kill not only someone but a child? courtesy of Read the to the right! :D So at Perkins after show, we are explaining relationship "shipping" to Mr. Orth.. Haha Scott getting ready for tomorrow! If you don't think baseball has the best Top 10 plays then you're whole life is a lie Setting up the sleeping arrangements. 5 possibly 6 outta 8 games will be decided in when you see the photobomb LOL Texas' athletic budget is like 200 million... With how close this game is going, you'd think it was the 4th quarter. Over a 1000 views on my profile this week Maddie what are you talking about? I wasn't even with you. 5 game If Rockets win = 6 game Tomorrow is gonna be a crazy day for nba fans. 3 games and all tied 3-3... I heard about these flips. my horoscopes be on point She got her ankles BROKE!!! We just tweeted the same thing. Who in their right mind would pay $26k for a dress? Lol my zoey puppy sleeping crazy 5 game 7s this weekend, can we make it 6?! Let's go Rockets. Lmao. The shit I be doing there's another star 7 billion times bigger! Just Made some CRAZY SHIT!!!!! On a beat made by my homie will be out soon........#hotmusic I've been listening to the same two songs for the past few days and haven't got sick of them yet... &lt;3 Good things happens to those who wait Throwback with Partner in Crime ;P She got her ankles BROKE!!! This time two years ago I was competing as a novice at BUCS. Tomorrow I race in the GB women's 8 in Seattle SOCCER: 4A Arlington beats Mt Vernon 1:0 Mt Vernon beat Snohomish earlier this week. is the best right now! Guess y'all ain't see smh you should get on that! If the Rockets win today there will be SIX game 7's. I just milked Logan's goat!! Some people may seem crazy but maybe their crazy is their normal.. scars from the long board crash (Game 7) x3 tomorrow night I've been watching the playoffs. Like it a lot. That Toronto mayor: Es muy fuck up no estar con mi bifi en un party andonly I still can't believe that Karlie and I both blacked out on that roller coaster... god had me find some of the greatest samples ever! OMG!!!! it tht I my ex dont no cuz Im in it crazy ur for Now that I've enjoyed my night off bring in the next seven days of 50 plus hours of work I honestly love these guys with all my heart :) I literally just came across this and was gonna tag you all in it. My cat want me up now and my two cats think I'm father weird I'm glad I'm no because I know I would be pissed if my car always turned into a pumpkin at midnight. Btw I'm not a me and my partner for and we love it Like who makes ppl unfriend other ppl that they don't like Ahhh such an awesome night!! I feel like I'm taking more selfies than looney tunes: back in action. ... right on time to hear "Come Fly with Me". I loved this movie even before I knew about Mike. hell yeah!! Imagine if I did die and I was a dead person and we just chilled Infinity room. Next time I visit I want to go back. It is such a small world So apparently was in the same theatre as me tonight seein Donated my Cleveland SnapBack to concert tonight! At -- There's an art to being a tourist. ... The conversation I'm having with my parents and their friends What makeup can do for the Victoria's Secret models. T'was a good day! weekend coming up, ready to take on all that comes my way. Tell me why my mom and i are at bdubs at midnight right now... My new twitter Display Picture Dog toys in Perth , Australia !! Mental how much they love animals It's crazy how some girls can talk to you then just drop u like a rock My eyes hahahahahaha You make me This nigga mixin pharrell &amp; Not used to playoff first rounds being this intense!! Tequila makes my clothes come off, my car come off the road, and my mind off my head! Amazing Day with the Girls!!! that nut is a Puta, real woman of the night and all that crazy!!! ! but u are If you haven't realized these might be the best playoffs ever. I think this is by far the best first round in NBA playoffs that I've seen!! What an amazing finish. Probably best round of playoffs ever. That was clutch straight just swished that shot "What is this dog doing?!? " Just watched that Lillard shot about twenty times on a loop... The difficultly of that shot I hope u saw the end of the Portland/Houston game Banisters + Brenna = lifetime of fun :) I swear this could be the best NBA playoffs ever and it's only round one. Holy shit!!! Did anyone just see Lillard!?! Fucking greatest shot ever!! Damn!! DAME LILLARD AT THE BUZZARD!! Absolutely crazy!!! Now dats wat the fuck im talking about ... game beater .. Yo Lilliard is hella raw and stuff but please don't say he is better then Steph Curry and CP3 , at least yet This is Check out spit in on Brandon Roy in 08 and this yr &amp; both against rockets!! In other news, it took a miracle shot for there not to be all Game 7s in the Western Conference playoffs. I should keep a servant for myself who'll go and bring me sweets at any time whenever I order ! I gotta give it to the Trail Blazers, they earned that win. First playoff series win in 14 years for them! Video: Hablando mal de Ramses Ahaha somebody must of been real creative... Haha Portland didnt get the memo! it's supposed to be game7 weekend! just watched obsessed with my beautiful boyfriend god i love watching the fight scene with GIRL HAS POWER Any fan who thinks the referees don't love us: the referees let us use 6 men when down by 2 pts w/ 1.3 seconds to play. I wonder what it feels like to be Lillard right now, and making that game winner. This photo says it all.. Hahah movin on and I'm one of them! lol because Katoomba should be enjoyed in the minus temperatures haha - how r u?? ICYMI here it is. Right on my dude ketchup707 Only just made it home I don't like to be normal that bored lets change being different is the new thing Crazy Teacher- I Am In Back Of The Class Like.. Night at the carnival with Kevin Lillard is just sooo nasty Been on this lately.. &amp; ... They but listen to they Love you girls so much weird He won me the giant minion at the carnival!!! I've had my twitter for like 7 years. At -- I love being w/ them!!! amazing spiderman was a shocker This bitch is talking to a stuffed dragon. Sooooo anyone catch that mavs vs spurs game??? haha As if i'm awake at this time, on a Saturday, after having a night out! I'm Just about your Exotic.. No one will ever understand me and these 2 nuttso's .... My first video *salah ATM* Video: My first video *salah ATM* Cause I've swag in England It's how many deer I've seen tonight. The line up for these Concord lows is ridiculous!!! Peeps been in line since 10 pm. you know I will!! I plan on not being able to talk on Monday... We gots this!!! Did you see Portland/Houston?? Glad this crazy thing got to come to our production tonight! See you Monday!! We're friends for a reason...hahah sarah_0462 WE ARE MILLIONS STRONG .. NITES Dysfunctional.....don't know how we do it but we do it. Isnt it crazy Dame hits this shot on Dr. Jack's night, &amp; BROY hit his on Duckworth's night! A bar In Hollywood, drinks are 7$, and it's not happy hour Cade o sono Maritchuy?! Haha Note to myself: NO COFFEE or before bedtime!!! Seriously tho. What is Matt doin up at this time Happy birthday to my baby!!! Love her to pieces!!!! Our night I noticed issues as early as Wednesday? i guess im just like that She'll slide in yo DMs liiiiike... Tonight was one of the best taxi rides ever Haha fun I feel bad for the people who never go crazy .. just happen to be right there. Be safe. Sterling already negotiating with Hollywood for exclusive rights to his story. I have to admit I will watch. IS SHE A OR A TheBedroom your songs make me more closer Pretty sure my boss ordered over 30 bottles of champagne at his table for his bday. I can't believe how much the train tickets are for Newcastle empezando el Party!... Las amo fajardo Life is a chair of bowlies. :P Nothing better than being up this early on a Saturday morning to be going spending the day in work!!! "Hacer locuras sin que nadie entienda." our action at saturday :) It feels really weird not working Saturday nights anymore, especially I've worked every Saturday night since the week I turned 16.l girl you are special...what u talking bout? FB forces Norwegians into icy waters I feel like I want to stab my heart but dont want to let the dagger out. . In 2 weeks time I will be in the USA Storm chasing out on the Great Plains New chapter in my life with my baby boy is about to start.... Just witnessed a friend shart (farted but shitted) Literally the best night of my life. Insidious 2 just threw me for a fuckin loop.. I highly recommend it its 3:43am where i stay lol timezones are crazy CRAZY ASS FIRE!!! People of Van Nuys watch out! when taking selfie inside the car too mainstream. I still can't believe Lilliard made that shot with 0.9 seconds left! Been up for hours. Mad how I can't sleep on my day off R.I.P. Neci... it's tough when you lose somebody you grew up wit I think a good summary of our first day In Europe is two broken toilets and a bunch of hangovers Pretty sure some of these ppl in flagstaff are on peyote. Hopefully that isn't the last time we see a Blazers/Rockets playoff do u think a military strategy nowadays can free Ireland (it won't) and should Gerry face a firing squad? It feels so wrong to have a coffee anywhere else but Starbucks... But I am One year today since I passed my driving test! Clearly, jyotika_efron brings out the best in me. Can't wait to do the wolf run again in September! Going to be weird watching the dunkeld ENDURO today with me not taking part but should be fun to watch Enjoying that Apple? I think so... Let's all get off the world of together Damn that was clutch...nice job 5 game 7's in the first round of playoffs ! I hear you whispering... and it drives me Idk how people in Miami party until 7am.....??? United fans shouting for city, Liverpool supporting Everton and Sunderland hoping Newcastle win this weekend by the way... you are a little hahahaha ... when I have to wait more then 2 mins for him to reply &lt;&lt; girl probs is contagious. In fact many mental extremists can enthral and encapsulate your mind easily. One of the craziest things I have ever read. I've always loved this. lol only u cud do that Aliens eating an alien kid! jnmflores elanie_atanacio Today is all about THIS! Relieving my youth..Britney &amp; Justin day! you So weird to think of where I was 5 years ago. I miss it. But have matured so much since then. Hi, I'm a ladybug mehehe Winchelsea, Victoria I just seen some ...ROCKS! LIKE FROZEN ...THEY COME ALIVE.. morning hair before the trim I'm having the weirdness dreams lately Going crazy with my bitches &lt;3 liordekel97 adar6 I can't believe it though hash tag SHUT YA FACE Thats like the tenth police car/van to have drove past the summit in the last hour! Parapazula dancing in the disco Walmart on fire but first let us take a selfie Hahahaha Tommy whooooping Devons ass hahAh you've already been? It's 10am Honey, you're my golden star&lt;3 Selfie time with my fabulous hairdresser What died on my head?! by beccafholmes so weird realising that in ten days I'll be finished third year!!! one more year left in the student life then I'm a free agent! Cannot believe my parents got another kitten pictures will be up shortly Cologne war up in here!!! She got her ankles BROKE!!! do you wanna build a snowman? OMG!! Ted have you actually lost the plot!! What is solid liquid gas What's up nigga? XD Micaela's sessions At home - 2014 USC Fountian Run at This honey is just another roach in the GBS joint jar. They gonna fuck wi Shows how fire safety regs have improved, couldn't do that on stage these days! Think this sums us up pretty well! do some colour hair going to be my self pleasure hahaha waiting in the rain! 2 more hours to go! How'd they leave him so free You would think that after a year of junior high youth group nothing would phase you... Doing a with wired kids at 3am. And I drive out one more person out of nair_rahul will miss you Con ustdes la paso bien!! Las quiero muchisismo.. They went to bed at 3 and still managed to wake up at 7 Missing someone who doesn't even miss me enough to take 5 mins out of the day or week to speak to me. "The Korsakovian method of homeopathic preparation" Who else was and woke up at 4:30am?? That moment when you grandma beats u. In fangirling . We were around Adisucipto airport. Tried to found a better place to take some picture. Received this from helen_h at 1:55am... Everything is ok now... All this got me so made we can so far just to get cheated!!!! you trying to tell me that a sugar pill won't cure me Something about running in the rain at 6AM on a Saturday that makes me think I'm either or This is Check out spit in on OMG!!!!!! uuggghhhhh...why can't i do such thing?? :/ but that click though. We Are one hahaha 7Crowded SMPN 1 Cirebon Hello guys! Check our deals at ...shut the front door!!! ... With the dutch flag in my face ^_^ Don't thing I'm going to try this! I'm already up on a Saturday...this isn't going to be a good day Something about running in the rain at 6AM on a Saturday that makes me think I'm either or or m... Can't believe I'm half way through uni. I still feel like I've just started. Zigic is on 65k a week?! My crazy button was on :) When you would hear about the guys w a huge car collection at Cars and Coffee &amp; then find out you're friends with them 3 years later There will be five game 7's in the first round of the NBA payoffs this year wierd but cool haha my expert photography#photography Something once in a while i liked that one swimming in a puddle pool ;-) In about 40 mins ive filled nearly 7 of those bags and emptied one a dads wardrobed... xxx So I can be tickled but I can't tickle myself very strange more testing is needed In two years I'll be graduating on the front lawn like the class of 2014. Seeing people that tweet far too much have mental breakdowns right over twitter. A solid 7 minutes to get through 1 wave It's always a good time going out with my brother and his friends Just so you guys know. . . YES,and then Today Show /Billboard Music Awards !! ! COME ON RICKY ! Give us Some Details about Album! Performing arts... Definitely a world! My little Cookie Monster ;3 Sociology Exam :-( :-( :-( Sunday - 2pm My mum thinks I watch friends too much. She's clearly on the wacky backy. the shit I be thinking in my head LMAO wow pushing it a little far there girl Just watched the jeremy Clarkson video... people going mad for hardly anything Mention money and watch people act funny.... yet people don't respect free shit... Ion understand the girls that vandalize a mans property People are saying this is Messi poor season Looking back at old things, those hair styles &lt;3 Watced random skaters jump trough a ring of fire last night. It was awesome and kinda scary. A lot of people gathered around it was Israelis threatened with jail if they try to leave I actually don't find it perfect at all..its just disgusting! ! at everytime I'm in myself it's a charity or someone forcing religion on me When you try to kill me you better hope I'm dead dianaantony26 :P Yes. I am racing in this. I'm going to race in the pouring rain. So they widened the whole course so we have more room to slide and spin out. awesome. One of my favorite jams! by on These are my sisters :) finalllllly. Got this. Locket.. That same locket which mk had. Bryan Sheehan 2 Monster Frees 65+ the two frees I was talking to you about Take me back to the start. Claire Balding: 'He (Martin Dwyer) rides the favourite BIG BAZ in our first' fav? 5 ahead of him in the betting? The experiences I went through after Graduation. Here in Chicago now! 3 hour solo at Ft. Yargo! GOALS- Bolton go 2-0 up and Birmingham are done for but wait Zigic pulls one back straight away!!! 2-1 another goal and Brum stay up Campervan is exploding in town This championship relegation battle is Things just too close to call in the Everyone's favourite conned into hosting a cocktail class world The girls are crazy Iyou do you know if the apprehended him? As of 4:30 they had not. It's not every day you have a gun pointed at you. Wow, what a result for the first team away at watford! Great win! Wardy hatrick ! Feel sorry for Lee Clark n Birmingham! That dream I just woke up to tho. and too real. Took this picture in the bus before entering the twin towers XD Just seen a group of young girls laughing at dwarf guy in superdry, Clearly they are the fucking disabled ones I'm really looking forward to the new generation of Going mental on Gillette Soccer Saturday My cheesy summer song &lt;3 A last minute goal by Birmingham has saved them &amp; a last minute goal by Brighton has got them playoffs Can't beat the drama of the last day of the season! please could someone let me know labours policy on term school holidays? That's why I love the Championship so entertaining how did Birmingham survive they only won 2 home games all season Studying then game 7, game 7 , game 7 I spent my Friday going round the neighbours asking if the stray bag of potatoes on my doorstep belonged to them. Natural born killers was the craziest movie ive ever seen. It was awesome Some how I still managed to wake Mark Briscoes Supercard Of Honor promo.. Sharks? Dogs? Gorillas? The only farm he belongs on is the funny farm stuff sold out in under 10 minutes this morning at the In line for a doll or hoping for an Elsa dress the last time I had a suffocation dream it was related to my mother. This time? Hungarian food. What's with all lads getting bummed n shit lately I'm glad I stayed up to witness Lillard game winner last night Ever since yesterday i've had the strange desire to do a PhD... Somebody please talk me out of this!! this is what we do when we get bored in gym!! What's happening out there? Get down and be crazy I just saw a guy on Cops starting fighting with the cops, they started tazing him, and he still wouldn't give up I could leave him in his swing or bed with pandora playing and he won't even cry. He just sit and listen to the music and talk. Tonight is going to be at ! It's going to be a zoo! Soo... I ordered these Yeezys &amp; they were taking so long to come so I cancelled the order &amp; got my money back BUT they still came!!! Never thought I would be live to see the day Man U fans supporting Man City while Liverpool fans support Everton. No filter needed :) last nightt!! So much funnnn!! So someone got stabbed last night on campus? Maybe you should go for the decaf next year! Hahaha The cheek! They'll be trying to enjoy themselves next. We're about to graduate but first...let me take a selfie! At my college graduation there'll be five Michigan alum just in my family... Ha!!!! The things minions come out with lmao Best party so far :):) pinkgummybear So I guess I'd live off light and air too if I weren't so busy living off cake and ice cream! Priorities. Feels good to be up before sunrise Said no one ever!! Sometimes I feel bad for people like you, but then I see the things you say and I don't feel so bad anymore. Rappers/Singers: New Beats Uploaded! Especially check out "New York Empire 2" :) Buy 1 Get 3 FREE at Why am I awake. This is early for me on a Saturday. I never wake up at 9 The kids are crazyyyyy hihihi :* so cutee stayxume NOW jumps out of airplane Elizabeth is like a jungle of old ladies trying to get a bargain right now This morning I almost cried because By Your Side came on the radio,&amp;I needed to hear it. Then I check my time hop&amp;it was there too Nobody throws a party like Shauwn Mpisane. Summer is upon us. Get ready to get The Dog Cat .. Garfie ! I could never do that to a friend especially someone I view as family Just realized my job is to take pictures. Wow. Like I'm getting paid. Missing my wee bestie loads today!! Can't wait to see your wee face what about all the space left in front of dublins full fwd line Craziest pick six I've seen in madden Watching NMU's graduation to prepare for what I'll be doing in 2 years! Best Sports weekend ever: Kentucky derby, Tanaka, NHL playoffs, Damien Lillard, and FIVE NBA playoff game sevens. This year is flying by so fast! Just saw that there is 4 months &amp; 18 more days till the Fall starts!! Ridiculous odds of 12/1 about Rory when still 5 back with Stan James and Hills had him 16/1 until a minute ago now 50s A day well spent :) Locaaaas in the live tirotirotiroriiin Part of the line on Michigan Avenue for the new Air Jordan's Another great year at the Las Vegas race for the cure. Downtown Fremont Street Crazy thing in this world is out of sight out of mind. Doesn't matter who it is It's a K-Ci and JoJo kind of morning haha we are terrible.. I want one.. But I don't reeeally want one.. I might do though.. Haha! is down at Bates Island for Capital Level Six cup! We might not have the patio open today but there will be $5 Caesars &amp; Mimosas. MTL vs BOS at 10:30 hahaha! You should tell Matt. ;) My brother and his apple Photo: Because emotions linger that turn to... Kelakuan.... -.- Do you know this crazy one, haha touch! Every time I see hockey highlights it seems like it's always a team coming back from 3-0! Finger times with junita and jenny too a lot of feel to cook/bake/prepare my meals lately, so much fun omg! The snapchats i got last night 15 hours camp for this I mean with add1sh Ento eu fui pro MeetUp u.u :* And to think Kyle kept Malcolm out of the striking position The reunite of the bitches XD I can fake being outdoorsy for a day or two. But don't ever think you'll be able to get me to hike 50 miles in 5 days. Woman's gut feeling likely saved lives. kid Up at 6am on Saturday! Yes, we are going camping! Today a woman's water broke but she &amp; husband stayed to walk around for a few hours before heading off to hospital. Lol This is how my morning started off! They still at it! Become a be or !! Can't tell if you genuinely mean it or if there's an ulterior motive to what you're saying I've seen alot of toddlers around new borns... but I have never seen this in my life... I had a dream...and I was pregnant. I kinda get into my pt 15 Well well. .. Doomed to 7th position aren't we? Yet another negative record broken. What a season Even on bags of nuts it says"Contains nuts" In one week I'll be an alumni of West Virginia University. When will these people ever learn to wait til the end of the credits... Especially on movies by Marvel!?! We're crazy bc were hopeful for a HEA for our ship??? UM...That's why we're fans...shovel that crap somewhere else! For the next 72 hours I'll be studying the commerce clause and civil war amendments. Kind of excited 4 this exam.#FinalsWeekGotMeLIke Ur make me :'( :'( Feels like worlds was ages ago &amp; not just last weekend! Lil niggas fuckin up they life already Why is that ManU and spurs always drop point in the same week? In the next week or will b Div 2 Champions either team can win the league or not get promoted People really judge others on what music they listen to? Marina Abramovic was in my dream last night This Lets You Objects in Thin Air! No I do not know what the Hell I`m doing,,Looking for another I guess , whats a man to do !! Mrs Riddick says that hasent fundraiser, but has paid of thousands of dollars in debt. So my stalker is back...this is lovely. He flipped it and broke his knee Why was crossing the road? No seriously ... Not joking... Why? Lol don't they know coffee is a necessity far before 10am?? Cant believe I'll be back in the dirty 630 after 5 months away this Saturday Last night was like straight out of a movie. Have YOU tried that crazy wrap thing? I've cleaned my car done some washing and walked my dog. Just saw Moses Armstrong at Eti&amp;Ekong's wedding at William Booth Hall, Ukana. Skype with my mom :))) Hahaha XD This time a year ago I literally lost bucs entirely, 1 year on, I came third in the MINT8+ C final Junto a las pesadillas!!!!! My S/o to for asking me to prom this morning I love the song Chainsaw bc she's so psycho &amp; I'm psycho its so me For some forsaken reason i cannot get the word "yolopirate" outta my head. Anyone else having this? Don't always take life so seriously. I loveeee this It's tho... It was sooo hot yesterday and now it's cold!! The fact that and I are going to be roommates Still can't believe Lillard hit that shot last night Saw a kid walking around with a 890,000$ lottery check on broadway, Tennessee last night "All girls are and get Except me." Riiiiiiight, because only crazy people get jealous. - all grt - sorry had to dash to train This shit is really thanks new olympic sport: the contestants must sit on their legs until they fall asleep and then run down a flight of stairs 720 horsepower in these streets Tonight ! Crazy party with a pizza :D HEY EVERYBODY PLS FOLLOW THEM ON KEEK THEY ARE FUNNY AND CRAZY!!! I feel twitter famous but I know I'm naturally me But think twice, that's my only advice You really think you're in control Wait... The stroller parking is in the water? universalorl Reasons we Dominicans don't date white people. Lmao The Nasi clan gets the award for doing freshman year right!! What are you doing ? Know anyone who went to the Over 2,000 ppl + over $70K in damage! Good to see the boy Dave Deeney out and about yesterday - does that mean he's not loopy anymore, or has he escaped from the asylum?! Top 10 mind blowing bar tabs! thanks Tiffany, I'm almost finished polishing my bio, and will try to get it to you before Mon day. What a busy day! Woke up for tryouts for the squad and 4:00am and will be racing in tonight Seriously - why would you even consider it?!? Just saw dennis rodmens twin The most insane qualifying session I have ever seen. This is wild!!!! Where has this been all my life?! who is seriously funding programmes like ?! has changed so much since Never seen such a lackluster performance from a team that could take city apart Last night was one very random night like the kind u can't believe lol Cant believe my mum said i should try dying my hair blonde.. I'd look ridiculous, what is she thinking?! Dude flipping out on the interstate! At the ringside seats.... this is gona be brutal Love nyc when the sun is out! Trying to keep track of my girl friends on a Friday night is just impossible Can't believe my bro technically graduated today. 3D Printed Cars Will Look Weird, Cost Less, Offer Crazy MPG Ohhh I suppose I could squeeze in an evening run Only 2 weeks left! Time goes by so fast! Can't believe i've already been here more than 8 months! this summer is going to get wild When your in the change and fast growing. Anyone write a scene and then crack up at it? Either or Hmm. How can someone can be so hateful and viscous, you really need help if you have that much rage against ANYONE! only on Get It Today - Oh coucou le ptit foufou ! Last weekend at home for at least 7 weeks Five game 7s in the don't go to the crazy lady in lone oak. She don't know what she's talkin about lol. There's 2 awesome infields happening today: and I've experienced both. People let me tell you about my best friend . . . . We're crazy, wild, &amp; love to have fun! Wonder what odds you'd have got 3 weeks ago for Sunderland to stay up and Liverpool not to win the league? Wil never forget the May 3rd Tornado. Seems like just a few years ago Never thought I'd see someone I know win price is right let alone that person be from Orange county Virginia. Reckon this fluffy bomb needs sorting out! been great man working like and you? Exactly one year ago today! , :-P Tryin' to figure out what I want, what I do, what I don't. OMG !! is the word ahhhhhhhhh My momma and I gettin a little But seriously..her eyes LOL you !! The music sounds better with you He's wondering if you got a b or nah haha. Photo : milesismylifex: AHHHHHH MILEYYYY 17 years ago this weekend..me and 1st holy communion haha White parents vs black parents "#funny Tea and maltesers complete my Saturday night Just to let everyone know even my ass was on fire! Thanks tooooo muscle pharm! It costs $30,000 for just two tickets for the Mayweather vs Maidana fight! Con la chiqita en casaa Graduating is in exactly 2 weeks I found out today my cat is a 