What do you really think of me Can a person who really plays only one game be called a gamer? A mind dives beneath the surface of common acceptance to unravel the details driving the process. Busy day tomorrow. Wonder what shall happen. New : This is my to remind me why I'm getting I'm just really to see... Do you guys really have sex to music? Lmao CAN SOMEONE ANSWER MY LAST TWEET PLEASE? I really wanna know Whats the talk on the new head coach of the ??? do you all have a map showing the most popular month for babies born per state (U.S.)? Are you a fan? : ) Question to all of you if someone is crying what do you do? What would be your last words? Do Winnfield even do the prom king/queen thing? Going on a strict no corn diet to see if my poop is really playing tricks on me If I'm in grind mode everyday is it still considered a mode? A person doesn't just take someones word for it; they discover the truth for themselves. Hey I just learned about the history of your people's tattooing and I got to know what dies yours mean!?!? U know how many were there x3 So do boys snapchat each other like girls snapchat each other? Anytime. So our story continues huh? do you think that about all junkies, or just famous ones who preach about their perfect lives? Hahahahhaha how did it loook? Haha What's not working for you? The story has been a bit dragged out, but 4ME always intriuging! Are you still doing 'Weekly Fan-Posts'? Hey do you have any idea why the is on pause? I wonder just how men refer to me whenever they are referring to me to someone whos never seen me people are unlikely to call something as boring. Instead, they always see it as a door to an exciting new world. How do you handle smoking on set if you don't in "real life"? I wonder which role u are gonna play on the horror movie?!? Since most of video calls apps are blocked in Oman, will they block snapchat too now after the update just wondering Our friends did this fantastic preview of the Museum of Natural Curiosity. Just two more weeks! If someone came up to you and handed you a book later to find out it is your life story would you read it to the end?! Who wants to do this with me? who would u have asked? Have yet to have head that make my toes curl... Where do these rappers be finding these girls ? the south Have yet to have head that make my toes curl... Where do these rappers be finding these girls ? Hope your move is going well! Where is your new office? :-) What's your favorite part of the show? Let us know! - Really?? Evening brunch? Where? Surrounded by weapons, why haven't I used one yet? ... Wonder who'd miss me To be honest, we are equally :) does anyone else really want to try la mascara.. - When you take it, do you hear strangely menacing marimba music or hallucinate about rose petals? Sombody try out this new Snapchat update with me Status: What's going to happen. Tomorrow? ok, now I'm tryna learn the story behind the mask...just met your dad. I'm wondering just how people describe me anytime theyre chatting about me to anyone who has never ever met me If it doesn't absorb you though, does the emotion come in? :) What are you doing today? Just get ready for some of the songs we are coming out with. Deep lyrics. Can't wait question - which DF boss is your favourite and why? Mine's Draxus NiM. Extreme presicion and tactics, no RNG! great to meet you too, and yes, member of how did you know? to say what? "We look better on him"?! Ladies and gentlemen, I will be making a special announcement soon How does your buddy feel about you cashing in on THE premier shoot-em-up gun violence video game on the market? Does anyone get so pissed that they just want to cry? Like you want to go crazy but you have to keep it in and you just want to cry How were the names chosen when the regions originally formed? Were the fans of amalgamated clubs polled? Not a sentence i thought I'd need again, but has anyone heard the new Michael Jackson song? Are those lyrics that tweeted or is it really about someone? It seems that everytime someone retweets a pair of they always seem to have their pierced, why is that? whats this about?? can somebody please tell me? Looool what do you do then if you go gym just cardio? Thank you for this update So defendants don't go to prison in Italy if sentences are below 2 years? I always hope that one day I'm able to find a girl that I really like and buy her a dress on Valentine's day... very interesting video, are we really getting faster, better, and I wonder if this will work. probably not. But just curious. lol How in the hell does he find things out about me? Hmmmm coffee machine has been mounted by a ram Why not iBooks? And what about Kobo? Our computers wont let us access the link. What wine is it? Just thinkin' about who's that so called BABY...? Hahahaha LoL still trying to figure out what you now "Know" about them.... Thanks for a colourful Summer Collection programme in the post today- 'a fantasia of ham and sequins' etc how do you pick the order of songs on an album &amp; then for a set list? If I were to ask you for sex, would your answer be the same as the answer of this question? Yes or No??? I'm surprised the Airbag for Cyclists hasn't received a award yet. Or does it not match z criteria for I wonder the way women refer to me when ever they are chatting about me to anyone whos never ever known me New knowledge overhere ? Fights against pancreas cancer ? Hypothetically speaking, where does one find adderall in Denmark? : Will Google's modular use conducting ink? Friday!!! what or what you train on Friday? ?!? Av we missed owt today? Signing (other than Esders) ? Sackings? Falling Out? ... Moley can you find out profit per head on the NRL game tonight?? I doubt AFL would be willing to divulge the same info Who was singing with at ? Was that voice? I didn't see or Do fourth dimensional objects exist? If so, what do they look like? Can people who graduated from Cent last year go to Prez Picnic? Random thought... I wonder how much my barber will charge this bald dude he's cutting right now?? That URL isn't working what was it? do you know if there is a new business coming to Main St. in OC? Saw a truck off loading to one of the buildings. seniors, I apologize in advance for staring at you in the hallway What's the youngest you'd date? Yeah! My new book arrived ! Who agrees to take the pics of you shirtless with your head down holding bottles of alcohol in either hand If you wanted to become a personal trainer, which company, course would be the most reputable and recognised to do it through. Paper digression thought: If you're addicted to masturbating, are you considered a sex addict? OH what an awesome pic! Can I ask what the rest of your shirt says? People can be extremely persistent. What's driving them to do what they do? Shoutout to the people that raised me. Surprised to hear that are discontinuing the BPTC - The BIG QUESTION is WHY? You really hate people calling you "Rina". Ada yang tak kena ke dengan nama tu ? 0.0 oooh which one you get? I don't know how today is going to be Am question....do you follow anyone who follows you? Nothing in common at all..non hawks fan,Seattle resident or not? Harvard looks a lot like Hogwarts I'm wondering how girls refer to me any time they are talking about me to anyone whos never seen me Life is good for these 8 month old kittens! Which manager do you use / prefer ? Currently i used and like the x-callback url that David made As a writer/author do you show your personality &amp; interests in your website design? Has any1 looked at effect of human compaction in research plots? Chatted w/ friend about whether walking thru plots influences data Really. From underwear? Would U plz enlighten me on this. :)) LOL..tom i m travelling..do let me know the color of her saree for sure am now! An interesting question: will Wynne risk a vote of non-confidence, or just go right to the lieutenant governor to drop the writ? Does anyone know why the Jubilee Line is so loud? Is it the speed of the train? The other lines aren't as loud hello sexy, thanks for giving me a nice big at work.x no problem at all ;) btw how did I? It would be very interesting to meet Hannibal and Will :) I know, i know. Creepy. But still, they are very interesting. and while we are being ponder this ... Como que se enredo un pocito jugando draw it ! Have you ever draw your own pict ? How many smoothies have you had today ? :) BlitzSmoothies How long has it been since there was a "select committee" appointed?. Molly wanted to take a selfie! Why is Mr Universe is coming from earth? How long have you been focusing on Power lifting? What are you listening to right now?!!! But I wonder why she den keep her around. Extra hour before 3pm or after 5pm? about Mobile Here you go, just what the doctor ordered for some weekend reading - gozde!: what do you have in your hand? Who Birthday On September 29th ? Dont every Female Do That ? How did the erasers find us did someone tell them Books r the new movies Reading this play now for uni "You're my last girl" they sing... does this mean that they're switching teams? ;P why suspend street cleaning due to rain? You use water to clean streets Would think it would make easier to do? Is Cleveland doing GuitarMania again this year? I haven't seen anything about it. Looking all the tweets since the beginning. Time passes really fast drat, was going to suggest coffee :) Archery lunch though? Would you "let go" of for the rest of your life? do I say um alot??? Musical taste is so subjective though. What are you guys going to suggest for her? :) Just some checking us out! Favorite part of the on This line of summer drinks looks and sounds delicious! I wonder if has tried them yet? Alright who actually plans on going to post prom. Ano kayang lasa? 'a bottle a day, keeps the doctor away' The next Tuku, I have to 'see' her groove. Who is she, really? out of interest was the letter from Bristol for any good today? cheers Is anybody else going to the Dallas concert for The Wanted?? Since you're is your wardrobe &amp; non food items too? Put me in the passenger seat lemme c u drive Omw to work...idk why but as of lately this has been my jam, on repeat for the past few days. Not sure if making a twitter was a good or bad thing One Flat Coyote on the Centre Line: Cruising Canada in a classic Chevy No offense intended but why do you support this current ? Hanging some new work today... I've only seen it digitally so far. In the end, we bought cannabis chocolate. I wonder what it will taste like kaya :))))) did any of your students get the reference? Ever wanna be someone else just for a day? building community was the context of the physical space comment What do you think? If the mass in a one-kilogram bag of sugar could be converted into energy, it would be enough to drive a car for 100,000 years. What kind of time are you anticipating at the 1/4 pole for the Derby Have you ever listen to talking in spanish face to face? lol Does anyone even read these? is my life even interesting Hey! I it's only illegal if you get caught.. right? what's the Ameerpet and Maithrivanam reference here? are you and back together or not? Because people are saying that you guys are together? what happens to these "bad banks"? Weird question of the day: Have you ever baked bread before? and wat happned to the 2 of u? How would an duet with and sound. If you ain't making No Money Then What Are You Doing? Do you put your number on your window, your mirror, or leave the window all the way down and let it stand. It sure looks like it. You found the perfect spot ah ;) Did you get the chance to visit more of the coast as well ? (kyoor-s); Latin: crisus, from care What is the most risky investment you have made that paid off? you know how to drive bike? was that really you driving bike in today's ;) what time do you usually wake up while you're on tour Niall ? Do people with feet fetish like Makoto from street fighters feet? Friend just checked in Stouffville GO station on Foursquare and 1st thought was "I wonder how close that is to Hi there. Thanks for the follow! How did you find me? ;-) Greetings from Germany! about popularity of extract &amp; a role in Let's get some how far is A from B? (2/2) how does the announcement effect the operations ability to be undercover? I wonder how others describe me when they are referring to me to anyone whos never known me ooh sounds interesting... Very my xxx orange lol how absurd didnt even realise they sold orange Can't wait to go see what's in the plug and play lounge during the love the episode! Is Mycroft an agent of MI6? Can't wait for next week's episode! are you pointing to someone?? What do you mean by mediation "platform" Any idea what the cost of these bags are? What are your thoughts on as young Guyanese? A lazy day, eh!? What film were you watching? Trust groups wisely used time on location analysis project. Initial drafts due on Monday. i want to know who &amp; what. What country are you tweeting from that is on Greenwich Mean Time? Your msg was stamped 7 hours ahead of PDT. when am I going to get my prize? How can you be at the gym working out if you're constantly tweeting about it lol I wonder which players will show up at the Furies Fundraising tournament tomorrow? What is everybody's middle name? Mine's Leah. :) why exactly scary for you? Is it the same worry as my slide or different? cc Does your lower back bother you? Did you get it working? thanks for the follow! about dope thank you which tracks you take in?! Wait? Did Liam&amp;Sophia break up? surely if u want to get stronger/hypertrophy u go by the load &amp; not HR. How do u incorporate your method with HR Why is providing with regular updates on ? Doesn't seem quite right? not sure if someone's ask you this before but how does your become trending topics in "20mins" every time If I could ask one 'celebrity' anything it would be to mark wright 'does Michelle Keegan swallow' After finally done with watching The Wolf of Wall Street.. I wonder how many scenes were deleted to screen the movie in India.. :-P OOOOH IT HAPPENED!!!! Will there be any tomorrow by ANY chance? which country do you come from? Hahaha I wonder the way somebody talk about me when ever they are speaking about me to someone that has not ever met me I'm wondering the way women describe me when ever they are discussing me to someone who has not ever met me what are your upload speeds and ping times atm? Hey, post any pics to FB lately? What's up to on the 3 day weekend???? take loads of pictures so I'll get to see them when you're here ! I love your music! Can't wait for your debut album! When will it be released? ALL MY FANS REPLY WITH YOUR CITY, STATE So do the Fleshlight products themselves represent a variety of skin tones? Sitting on a bus surrounded by so many different perfumes that I know what I'll be smelling like when I walk off this thing Consumers happier to share data with open and honest brands. To what extent will hinder marketers? I wonder what kind of cellphone jacob zuma uses are David, Tico and Hugh there too? tonight im gonna find out if it makes a difference when i take pills before drinking alcohol. "We opening new doors and doing new things, because we're and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths." Did you ring Steph back the other day? Who gots a snapchat &amp; is it worth even downloading? how many have u had this day?? . Have you dealt at all with that topic? Shared housing and also community exchange? Gonna try some superfoods for the first time tomorrow. Got my immediate gratification with Companion on my ipad! Happy Do you guys ever just wonder how much further your life could be without having a child at such an early age? Random question for all: do you most often use on a computer, tablet, phone, or something else? Me? Phone or tablet. can we ask what you forgot? Have you ever dipped potato chips into Nutella? Or put them on grilled cheese? Or made a Nutella grilled cheese with chips in it?? lots of you are about, learning animals helps you imagine! If it came down to It, who would have the final say...the prime minister or the queen? not bad!! NEVER tried TT. he swallowed can bt will digest it or pull it out? Do dreams really have a meaning behind them? So how is it not your friend then? Apparently "there was a party external to the conference that included an inappropriate performance." Anybody that didnt work at the city as a summer student last year get a call yet? does it hurt when ye get hit in the fanny? Is he strong in his language? I mostly heard him give memorized phrases/speeches. so sonic do y'all just pour a bunch of nerds in the cups or? Is Friday considered part of the weekend?? What's your plan for tonight? What do you got going on? Trying out for my trip to San Francisco in June If you've been kissed for the first time, would you automatically know how..? &gt;.&gt; so sonic do y'all just pour a bunch of nerds in the cups or? 2 medium 3 large and 4 route 44 Thanks :) - last question... Poker is still a hobby or a job? When was the last time Cricket and Paul fucked? Can the presenters present themselves? Screennames? Games? Stakes? online/live? I wonder if Squidward is ok... Wonder who leaked the clarkson footage Do I have any friends connected to SNL or the network? So, I really want to know who the guys were that waved at us at chipotle as they drove by? anyone know? Everyone talks about leaving a better planet for our kids, how about we leave better kids for our planet??? one question....how do you always look so gorgeous? Thanks for the shoutout, Kristy! Do you currently use beta readers? Hi -- I have an question -- what year was the first conference held? :) I know why people follow big celebrities like but i wanna know why people follow me City girl on a ranch. It works! tumbleweed Annuska, what is this vala thing all about? :-) You have those couples posting almost nothing about themselves.. Out of respect? I'm yet excited to know they made me !! I love TMMM so much its not even funny. Read it like 5 times. :p when will you start rush and restraint? out of people in the world . . . . you follow me. . . . out of all the people in the world. . . You follow me? 1st Icelandic beer I've seen. Was discussing same with and last nite to how this from today's warmup with the Do most lads shave their armpits or is it just Shane? Working on my statistics homework, wondering why? I still haven't used the math I learned in high school. I wonder what would the world be like if all the cartoons were straightfoward Wanna discover new musicians , new music So who put the paper in my locker? I don't mean to be rude, but do you even have eyebrows or did you just draw a lines on your face? Just found out it's friday xD. Hmm wonder what my plans are Has anyone lost ever been found by Find My Friends, or similar apps? Thanks for the follow! M/M and YA writer? What's your about? Not saying Vero Beach softball is cursed or anything, but it started raining hard here once some of their players showed up. what you are showing up tonight? Why does the weirdest most unlikely shit always happen to me? do birds ever say excuse me while I crap on your car? IDTS ha Listening to makes me feel better. People say "b" after they say something Like what does the "B" even mean? Or y'all just copy what other plpl say? ?: Is blogging on booklikes just as respectable to publishers/etc as wp/blogger? More so because booklikes is a book community? Eh? Vic where are u going? What u want to do? Henry is apparently concerned about my teeth &amp; cuticles. What is yours &amp; Tyler's middle names? so SR 287 aka Florence Blvd in CG is no longer maintained by you but by city. Does is still keep it's SR status or no? when are you planning to send the shirt out that I ordered? I'm moving tomorrow. Do people who ship larry as a bromance still exist?? I question what I would look like as a blonde. I believe astro fans have yet to miss a mid inning question all year Hey you, unclog this toilet. Now don't you wish they were yelling that at you? you would feel so important lol Me and Jess just googled "how do you become a pedophile?" .......... I wonder what nichole looks up on her phone when she is bored! I've been good. :) how have y'all been? I wonder what the numbers are on how many suicides per year both causes and prevents. someone wanna forward me the lists? Apparently it wasn't big enough... I wonder...do you stalk my Instagram too....or us it just my Facebook and twitter? The goofballs found something they're excited about. Has anyone in Canada tried their scotch with Usige Water yet? cc So i wonder if he's coming!? Can he just play on the Griffins whenever now that the Red Wings season's over? Can any Red Wing play? If someone you love asks you to do something and you say no, does that inducate you don't really love them ? Ever feel like the world is fake and you are the only real one left? if you woke up to breakfast made just for you what would you want? Just what kind of therapist are you? Do you have a website Ruben? what are your thoughts on hockey? Serious question (everyone can weigh in on this) how soon is too soon to say I love you? Holly Brook: Curious - Live Madison Media Insti: This has a few years on it but it's "current" for me. So... you wished us an awesome day... how was your day? I HAVE TO ASK YOU SOMETHING, DESTY!!! Did it taste better kissing my Goddess' foot the first time? Or the second? do more people play with the buttons or tilt? Which is faster? I'm a buttons man myself. Love how your sets change. Have you ever played "Rude Awakenings" in concert? I'm very curious how many guys have actually tried a sock while jerking off. Why airports insist on such tiny bathroom stalls when they know we have to bring luggage in with us is beyond me. Um, so why was V. Stiviano recording her conversations with "Mr. Sterling"? And, can she define "cynical"? Can you still train ur voice even when you're "older" Always had a lower voice than my female friends in school choir. so if two Nintendo fans who are lesbians have sex is it called scissoring or scizoring? How many white chicks parents really approve of y'all dating blacks guys??? Watch 20/20 Barbara Walters exclusive interview, I'm interested in this, wasn't before. Started watching late, what happened? "end Human bankruptcy" an idea whose time has come.There is only .Thank !! Be if Thank ! The Emancipation Proclamation didn't actually free any slaves ~ it only freed those in territories not occupied by the North. Another honest question...*if* Sid is hurt...would you ever consider sitting him for a healthy player? Let the news break out before its time. I'm good with that. Hell yeah! can anyone explain lobster stuffed salmon? how does one achieve that? I wonder if there's a study that correlates a rise in heart attacks due to the return of double down. Help me as I'd appreciate some guidance on your recommendation where to get a balanced debate. How often do girls have to shave their arm pits? Annunake, ancient civilization, are u hip to any of that knowledge? Why do we like to demonize things that might be different? Seriously how do you people get home? Do you guys drink and drive? I wanna know To the girl who appears many times in Schoolboy Q's videos...what's the meaning behind your huge double cheek butterfly tattoo? Have any luck with finding a designer to help? ???? Are you getting married? Having a baby? Getting another dog? Going to a tigers game? moving? Some time last night while I was asleep I took my pants off; maybe I'll try the reverse tonight &amp; see what happens Is it ok or wise for LGBTI people to pray for the right partner? Will Jesus answer the prayer? I wonder the way women refer to me when ever they are chatting about me to anyone whos never ever known me wonder what have planned tonight her fans reactions are cute though. I love them. if you stay with who would you like to be the new coach? One of my favorite things in life is getting to know new friends !! Ight so, if it's a bunch of niggas fighting another bunch of niggas what you call that "Shoot the Group? " I wonder how do those employees open up their personal lives on the first day with the employer of the company. Why do basketball players get high fives from their teammates after missing free throws? Any Samsung users here on "Samsung Nation" ? One day maybe I'll make a trip to kansas! I wonder how many people actually Read my tweets ?! I wonder how many people actually Read my tweets ?! what you know bout me? I don't know why but somehow that picture really scares the shit out of me!! Plus how's the armless man gonna wipe his ass anyway?? nahh your last tweet was up in the feed and I clicked on your picture didnt know what you were eating Dillon do you have a favorite bible passage or verse??? Thanks babe. What you shopping? Anybody like the Minion case or nahhhh??? Sam, have you ever reached out to those you have hurt/made assumptions about/not communicated with openly in hindsight? Orange!!!!!! - that's my arm. If you had the power of time travel wat would u do? I admit to all of them lol. Will you come to Montreal, Canada?? Show me how it was done ? I'm still waiting who the fuck is ???!! Hope da goodness that new burrito bar on the Woodvale is open this weekend!! :-D If Rob Ford has been doing crack for a while now....why hasn't he lost any weight? Is this not how crack works?!? Is tinder really as funny as all the Facebook posts make out?? Do vegetarians in the western world also have a problem in renting their homes to non-vegetarians? :) in context of your choosing beautiful partner, why now many women are incessantly worried to look attractive? question, when Luke Bryan where's those skinny jeans where does he keep his package Anywaydoe. I don't know if I should publicize this but I really want to smash a girl .. Divergent. thanks for lending me your book! kasi ako hehe :) was that really driving scooty? to know. Would you like to see other Sports or Leagues covered on the site? Would you help cover these? JUST NO. Listen to this I entitled featuring the late great CapNHuk... Will you be updating on the 60th or 69th Minute Would you like to see other Sports or Leagues covered on the site? Would you help cover these? Can you clarify in what way? Is it still considered effective if I do a set of sit-ups, eat some pizza, and do another set of sit-ups? Comment your favorite song down below! Is It Rude To Tell A Boy That Your Not Sexually Attracted To Him?!! Just Askin! I always wonder what is going on in 's Brain.. especially Michael's. Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. - Marie Curie How does one get the blue tick next to their names?? It's not lik I'm fake:p Fascinating :) A pic, or even a short video clip? I wanna know who's on the other end!! Apa function butang "Quote" ekk? Would it take me a week to read all of my tweets? V r ready!! Let's c wat is it!! quote this tweet with the last pic you saved When you first break your anal virginity? Do you shit yourself? What's your favorite dessert? cookies! quote this tweet with the last pic you saved quote this tweet with the last pic you saved quote this tweet with the last pic you saved If the PSNI have to act on evidence why do I constantly have to see illegal protests with no/few arrests? Did you reach your goal? so much consolidation, so little in synergies with no impact on pricing Monday an important meeting with about their stones. quote this tweet with the last pic you saved quote this tweet with the last pic you saved quote this tweet with the last pic you saved quote this tweet with the last pic you saved quote this tweet with the last pic you saved Pound for pound, the diminutive Shetland Pony is the world's strongest horse breed. Why Shannon thinks it's ok to snapchat me last night at a party sayin "michelle" all serious &amp; shit &amp; then not reply is beyond me quote this tweet with the last pic you saved i love your tweets, but im starting to think you quit your day job. Again, tweets = laughter...but for real what will happen ? hm .... what's the fastest anyone has been ever kicked out of a show? Let me take selfie.. :) CATS &amp; ROBOTS just want to have But Cause these are ready to Have you guys considered telling about Kenny's escape and life between S1E5 and S2E2? Hi, is Minhyuk taller than YH? : ) oh one more thing, YH is tall. okay?! but the other guys are taller. lol Are you a genuine account? quote this tweet with the last pic you saved Sehun birthday in japan Luhan birthday in China Tao birthday in LA . is that coincidence ? Being about a limiting is the first step towards changing it. and my heart skipped a Beat... Am I the only one that would rather a movie marathon over an expensive dinner? How is the EFF going to sustain da amount on social grants for longevity with our current economic situation?? cc Are everton fans lining the streets to welcome Man City to Goodison? I'm about how this would taste because radish so fresh and uncomplicated. I wonder if the Catholic Church will make a patron saint for the Internet ? Better question does Satan have a Demon see for Spam? Boos has been trying to get to know the - they seem more about her.. So will a win today shatter the League One points record? if I have 10 draws worth 123k and 3 come in in early kick offs how much would you be able to cash out for? punishments of bygone days., Alice Earle 'too busy' doing what lol xx People never knew they had them. I thought I was the only one feeling that way each time I think of his death Just waiting to see what happens next. Are you guys still pro G+ after recent shake up? It takes a moment to make memories, a lifetime to forget them. Do I dare update my Snapchat app? I swear my dog could be part of a study on overstimulation right now....#happy 'We are sorry you train has been delayed due to disruptive passengers'. What did they do? WHAT!!!!!! do these actually sell? haha what kind of assholes are you? *EyesRolling* Tough call: Are Saturdays days or hang with the family days? How do you find balance? cuz he talked about donner pass with my class and how there were cannibals so i obviously looked it up on netflix Any Newcastle fans tell me, why the 69th minute? When is the first of octember Why do mothers spend so much time in tesco? Be the of your own Remember that everyone you meet knows something you don't. Be "Life is short." Does this motivate you to accomplish more or slow down? Beyonc is ageing backwards I swear IF the Clippers sold for $700M, how much would pocket? Wondering which area in Manhattan succeeded in How many millionaires do you know who have become wealthy by investing in savings accounts? I rest my case. Selling britney mini fragance pack.scented tattoo free gift. Mom fell but as soon as I whipped out the band aids, she started feeling better If you're out getting free comics right now, don't forget to send me pics of what you get!!! I still search about on the net every single day!! Following this frozen stream to see where it goes... what kind of week is that Can u describe me in one word? do you think the views this week's Oklahoma death penalty "oops" as an enhanced execution technique? I can't find any news or blogs about the Game Daze apocalypse. Anyone know the inside scoop what happened? GameDaze etc. I'm looking for ways to throw all the paper away. right? &lt;&lt;&lt; as in Cali... my home??? just wondering... live East right now... out Welcome What are you working on? hi what was your worse ground to play at? Any body following me that is not in the US? Just a warning.. if i start smelling u when i meet u , blame it on cuz he said ur skin smelled sweet Holy lineup! How long is that wait? about what I'm on? our page See what's I wonder if identifies my account, every time I tweet him??? Is anyone taking this Bhagoda joker seriously anymore? Dude, how old are you? why didn't you put Teen Spirit on the album? Anyone get the concord lows ? I wanna go see a fortune teller Today I'm just going to monkey around What size do you have to be as a rapper to get the "Big" in front of your name as opposed to "Lil"? how did you see that tweet? So did anyone get contacted from the about the Fan Advisory Board yet?? Whr does RaGa get that number from?? Test-driving it? Or do you know someone who owns this fabulous car? how many broadway girl crushes do you have? iPhone users, what equalizer is your music on? dat was a crazy tweet from a mad person... Lol! Did u do dat though? hahahahaha! I wonder if keeps the suit handy :( no stress though... i been wondering.. are you a motswana??? Video: Follow me!! variety of pics! Follow me!! variety of pics! Is Gaga the only one you listen to? why are you all so excited about BGT? happy to! &amp; you're the 2nd person to tell me that; what sorts of stats are you referring to? I think they just have to be open/honest if no big deal but I have heard he did time. Hope he explains before show ends. how much do you weight Hate when you can't think of the name of a song like egg and bacon smoothies? Do you apply roll on after bathing at night ? Is it necessary ? Hey Samratravikanti, how long have you been using the Star Sports app? are you facing any issues with it?? which team do you support actually? I see you going gaga for all the winners and criticising all the losers. :) what are your thoughts on chiropractors? Any interesting case studies/scientific papers to share? Just heard the announcer call Anthony Rizzo the face of the franchise. Cub fans, is he the face of your team? will she look like Nessie or Big Foot?! Where are all the well dressed gentlemen ? do you like olly murs? something you're not telling us? So is it a milestone when you bring your teenage son shopping for his first "adult" sized jeans? Drama GCSE....only going two ways :L Hey what happens when you have to use the restroom in the middle of the race? Do you have dippers in your fire suits? What are you drinking during this live chat? :) why do you cover up the British gas logo on your track suits? Is it just me that finds this funny? I have a question for TL (warning better pay attention) is there, anywhere a Markos RPer? ok Martin very nice, but 'Elvis'....where did that handle come from?? who is the guy with yellow headphones behind the plate at every home game? Do female vampires still get periods so what you want me to do? Do you mean you guys managed to do some tricks with EVM machine? To be so sure ? I wonder how tonights goonna go .. what is a falcon punch??? If I put my ARM in a Pit, can I call it an "ARMPIT"? Ever wonder if someone on your mind is thinking of you at the exact same moment? what degree are you doing? do you not ever read anyone else's tweets? You follow 5 people. Old is very and he's a smart little fella.. wetin you wan use am do? happiness and health??? Or happiness 1st always??? Where is that creek thing that everybody is doing the cold water challenge? When comes to or I'm breakin' bread. I never even liked concerts but I wanna see his skills on stage. its still happening and that's about all I can say on here lol I want to hear all about it !!! Dude's avi just brought this question to mind: as anyone tried suppressing an ACTUAL musket? what is your favourite restaurant in David? How do you guys feel about food colouring in baking? yay or nay? After working out I always need to . I can't be the only one. Am I? Rino!. Sorry just wanna see what happens. why is it that I can add whatever services I want, extend my term and pay on line, but cannot cancel online? it's fibbers of course it was sarcasm. Let me know if the walls still sweat downstairs in there. Is in attendance at the White House Correspondent's Dinner? Hey how come no hat at the Derby? I'm come home and see Stella just quietly watching the kids fish lol I wonder why the boys are late to be on stage? -J will this tweet show up on the projection? how tall are you anyway? what's your problem with him? Of course my cat likes watching TV... true..btw who abuse other lang?? Look what I found under my gate. How would you handle going from being Rich to clutching pennies!?!?! Would you fault GOD!?!?! this at winn dixie talks to me everytime I go there with my grandpa,idk if he tryna holla at me or like me?! There's a shitload of bikies riding Harleys round the back streets near my place this morning....wonder what's going on?? Do the fans use duck commander duck calls at the games?! if I did a little Instagram video of me singing a duet with one of the songs you've covered would you watch it? After that performance im sorta wondering if still thinks Paul George "can't take over games." Hey what's your favorite part about the weekend? How did selfies go from something teenage girls did in front of the bathroom mirror to something done by VVIP's with other VVIP's? I like Di and still her death anyway i wish the professors would tell us what our final exam scores are as opposed to just submitting the grades to onestop I actually looked through the pantry &amp; spotted rice! Hmm...giving me ideas for dinner. Do any of y'all really know me? ummmm.....what IS that? 2 diff kinds of sauce w cream cheese over deep fried stuff? What does one serve for Star Wars Day dinner? What you rather get 1 million dollars ? Or get your dream girl that you love a lot??????? Are the live streams online ( via ) still free if you have (2/2) now, it's considered a minor miracle if a student is able to read at the end of the 12-year journey. How do I get an official Twitter page? Every August 22, Prince Hans-Adam II of Liechtenstein invites everyone in the country to a party at his house. how do you talk to boys?? OK you cannot leave until you hear how this argument turns out, By that analogy who is Modi's Chanakya? Is the hipster movement just in the Church or is it a trend outside of the church as well? Got myself some new shit to think about Barnes and Noble Marina del Rey Do you think with the lights off is better than with the lights on? ask him how much longer he thinks you have to live. Hey there! What was the last book you've read? do you use your instagram ? are you gonna be active ? or do you have a different one ? (-: Do you have to put Jello shots into shot glasses, or can you just make a bowl of alcoholic Jello? Dear did u eat all the cakes in the birthday video ? I wonder how ladies talk about me when ever they are speaking about me to someone who has not ever been introduced to me are you guys gonna stop playing Kacey Musgraves? are you guys gonna stop playing Kacey Musgraves? Just wondering... what do you do with a Batman cape once you leave Six Flags? In few second we all gonna know who d artist of the year is did you ever find your keys?? When's the Kyle Korver app come out? Is there a such thing as 4 way? Lol is that total life cycle or just extraction? what's the record for attendance? Watching &amp; crossed my mind. Do you have any updates? Aww... Christian... Wait- How did you know Vic is obviously excited 2 meet me again?! Aww.... How did ya know??? my bf sent me this today wondering what it means??? no ring anytime soon! What are your thoughts about what I should go for when I apply for a job? Anyone who knows the title of the song that used during their performance on yesterday? Pics &amp; names of the fruits? Today I learned about Techno-emotional cuisine.. techno-emotional.. sounds like Guetta.. but it isnt.. How do TV stars feel when they watch themselves and how they started on their first show/episode, and see how far they've come? Three cops, one from Martinsville, and an ambulance in the subway/gas station parking lot... No matter what, I wanna know what it's like to be someone else texting me... Getting a flight to an unknown location I wonder what the future has in store for me. You are no fun. Can I bait you with a bubble bath and wine? anybody ever did a vision board before ? what's the best chocolate milk you have ever had? is there a reason why you only play for teams on the west coast? Or is it just coincidence? Is it true guys really don't mind being the side thing? Are there girls who know they're the side chick and are proud of it? hey Pete, just try offering me with one of your music collection. All I want to do is go and explore. Is no one else to find the secrets of the world? Guess not. We're all just stuck here together. Is there modeling for XL guys like me? so why are we immersed in the world of neck cartilage? satu lagi try Robin Guthrie for ambient music :p Mayweather on work release for this fight?? That amazing moment when some great pages start following you. Do Australian toilets really flush counterclockwise? Weird question of the day: How many of you still haven't seen Attack on Titan yet? According to 1 Peter 1:22, obeying the truth, in particular: loving our bros and sisters in Christ, purifies the soul... Hmm 5 tecnicas de sexo vanguardista: Tickling, Dogging, Petting, Sexting, Bluetoothing! Miracle in Cell No. 7 And then post it here, of course. do the "pretending to take a selfie" pic with them in the background? Would it be too passive-aggressive to ask them to move when a flight attendant happens to be in close proximity? what's your questions that you have for me? Wait is it true daniel is sick Gorgeous day and perfect for my first foray into horse racing. I shan't be riding myself but observing for the first time. Hi. Why did you follow me? If someone says they aren't happy in their relationship should they be in it ? sir do you guys work 7days a week every week?? I Wonder Do Anybody Really Love Me??? Luh? Ano trip ni KZ? Feeling Manilyn Monroe?? I have done 23,404 snapchats in 8 months lol. How many have you done?? you are hilarious! Do you have any standup dvds out? were you asked for id? yess zac is pretty fine A regex for Go identifiers Cannot wait to meet the new Charming, but what is Zelena up to???? I've seen a pic of a certain writer in a tux. Is it real or photoshopped? Wonder how many people pieoff the person they are pulling when lights ygo on in club "I want to try this cum on my face to clear acne! - IUP deff so, how big are we planning to go? Thanks for taking time to answer. Does velocity probability distribution reach 0 at/before c? I hate this feeling.... Ugh. Whos going/down to see diplo and calvin harris on the 30th So what does Comrade Prachanda say about party unification in his document? First time will be feeling the birthday of Roddy! Am I the only one who has edges Granted, Canada took part in the Eurovision Dance Contest ages ago and Australia's watched since the 70s, but China? Riding home from with one of my other new friends! ... You're doing a strawman by using the word "program" - yet you don't deny you've done this. I want to know how many people honestly like honestly though didn't studied for the peds exam why? Is your telly broke? yeah but josh freese, though.. Yo send me a link to this podcast you apparently do. Before and after my regualr haircut. Its how much is in my newly unconvered roots. I It's funny how sometimes the people we remember the least have the greatest impact on us.. on my way to - Only reason I'm going to schoool tomorrow is to talk to chef and see if she likes the sauces Kick First Look This Month wat will the movie all about comedy + action + romance +.... ???? I wonder what its like to be a pet I'm wondering the way somebody refer to me any time theyre referring to me to anyone whos not ever seen me Can I ask which book you're discussing? Do ppl w/ stuttering disorder "declare" when they go to job interviews? What is she thinking about?:) Is FFK still in court? Or has his case been buried now..... Did you not have anything to drink? What do you think of me :o I am very confuse right now :/ - News - Bubblews Hi, I got a notification that u r following me so I came 2 ur pg. but don't see the follow &amp; ur pg is "protected"??? What did you do that was outside of your comfort zone? Why do little boys think it's ok to pick up dead things off the floor? he has used Goddess laxmi (linked to prosperity) in speeches. That doesn't violate code of conduct? whats the design on Max's shirt ? Something I've always wondered..can parents find their own child ugly!? Bank holiday Monday. Where shall I go treasure hunting today? What cravat are you wearing on 1st day of ? but it's true though ay majority females hate her but why ? Lol LUV ADITI Media Enthusiast Thane , Mumbai I'm not really a tweeter more like a retweeter. Anyone else ? wats this show call. I wanna see it. What will then happen to the security of your transaction online if they do? How did they measure 'success' ? :) I wonder if it really works? Curiosity of weak people makes for big, scandalous decisions that they insist to be real Any amethi folks on Twitter. Just saw staff setting up at Dunkin Donuts. I wonder what's going on. :p What are some good video editing sites or softwares. I can hear the ice cream truck but I can't see it ? as to why you don't interact much on twitter? Because everyone needs a good psychic.... here's is my lifelong friend Psychic Michele's new website.... Since its discovery in 1930, Pluto has traveled only a third of the way around the Sun. Joh! Kat I can't wait for 2morow night!!!! What are we gonna do??!!! May is national masturbation month...is the song of the month "Come on eileen"? The Afternoon show with Time to remember one of Bollywood's Comedy Classic. 1968! omg, what language is that?how did u type it? First time having with my babes. Let's see what it's about. modu stands for? to knw :-) Why the need to wait until Wednesday? Also, why could you say it on SM but not on air? According to my favorite Mex food restaurant owner Juan Cinco de Mayo is an American creation not Mexican??? is this the real you? Haha let's find out if the theme is really consistent or not. Cute Curious Cartoon Hyena Plate by Cheerful Madness!! ---&gt; my new friends who followed me all the way up the path and all the way back again If I did an do you think people would do it .-. I wonder how their meat tastes like. Can somebody tell me y hills lights went off ealier jus a lil Someone had interest with my EXIT! so Chris Brown spending his 25th Bday in DC jail??? Lol you have to wait and hear my babe! ;) so are you back on ksasa or what? so are you back on ksasa or what? If I was a pilot would you take a trip with me ? Um.... Does it creep you out when all those people write fan fictions about you...? kung may sherwood ba, may shershrub din? "I want to try this cum on my face to clear acne! - IUP weird ass can't wait to see the show! How does eating 30 min. after finishing workout help with weightloss? Do you recite positive affirmations to yourself? They say you have to separate work from your personal life.Love is always personal,how can you separate that if you love your work? u mean performing? Or I better be good in terms of behaving??? Was started in the Nigeria or the U.S.? How open do you think we should be to the world? Do you favor openness or like keeping your secrets hidden? Jesus twitter move the favourite button away from the links to pictures. Always getting stung. Him: I wanna ask u something but i think it's pretty sensitive for a girl. | Me: what's that? | Him: Nothing, forget it | Me: ..... Is there an age when it's compulsory for a man to start dressing in various shades of beige or fawn? hey babe would you be interested in been at one of our parties?? Appearntly im about to have the best night in my life .. are you masturbating in mcdonald's bathroom right now tell why do you believe? how much pageants a year does SKN have? O.o quote this tweet with your favorite song atm do you take these photos your self?! as someone who does a lot of Flash, have you been looking to move to HTML5 or does Flash have a long life ahead of it? give me 3 reasons why the ANC deserves the peoples vote ...why do you vote for them? Sometimes I wonder whoever came up w/all these slangs that everyone uses nowadays.... Does a crush ever become old? What Do Guys Think About Wheen They Give or Get Heaad ? Lol do you have the laser beam eye stare First time really getting into Twitter. Any suggestions, comments, concerns on how to build my following. wat do u do except thinkin bout :P Going to tonight. Not sure what to expect. McLanahans, I appreciate the gesture of free coffee. But where's the iced coffee? Can someone tell me what happened please? do people really change or not ? Do people use the word hick anymore? I.e., "Those guys are a bunch of hicks," in reference to living in the boonies? I wish I could see what people were doing Can someone please explain to me why guys have nipples? Did you reach a conslusion of any kind? Wonder what that is about? Hmmmm is finding something &amp; wanting to keep it the same as jumping is it a requirement to be a sexist douchebag to work in broadcast? I'm wondering just how men refer to me anytime theyre speaking about me to someone whos never ever seen me What are the standards for other professions regarding keeping your certification? Every __ years? What's the test? No never heard of him! Why are snooker players all fit and darts players all fat!! also how did u see my tweet? When girls don't give guys thier number I wonder how bad they actually feel Ummm ... does cilantro taste like soap to you? So glad to hear it! What's your favorite way to mix it up? Ever feel like you Ipod shuffle is trying to tell you something? Over 1600 songs and it plays 3 songs from the same album in a row. I'd open that Pandora's box yea fool. But Forreal tho what's all these tweets about A10-5750M...what intel processor does it compare to? I5-3377u? On our way to w/ cool. Lol &amp;is that suppose to be Jahar on ur profile pic?? Do guys like aggressive girls or nah? who ever just started a knock knock joke on ask.fm needs to finish it! I dont belong here..I have better things for myself somewhere then here and im going to find where to be. Just want to see where this could go. Kayla and mom are being so sneaky.. They have something planned for me... I'm scared. Can some Kelly senior send me the newspaper that shows where y'all are going to college? Or is Radford slacking? Still waiting on Jacob to tweet a picture of his new guitar. why don't you follow anyone ? I wonder how it feels to have a dick do u ever read fan fiction about yourself? Could you afford a $1000 phone app? Just wondering if God uses currency. Are they good? Here a lot of positive comments about QN bars. I always wondered if girls who draw on their eyebrows afraid of the rain, are they waterproof? Now If He Was Really Tryna Fuck w.My Sister What He Want w.Me????? So why is Norma kissing Norman on the lips? If everyone knows this secret, does that mean you know too? Hi Twitter! Why did fake moustaches become such a thing? one question tho. how come people know MKTO more than E3? What is ?? A dinosaur? A sea monster? How's traffic at Gurgaon highway? Kinda wanted to know what your question was but you fell asleep on me befor you could ask it's fine I noticed you're a marketing guy, I'm jobless in MN &amp; a marketing major, any jobs open? Haa, I know..a bit abrupt Crash wanted to keep me company in the bath Miss u R U engaged yet? Close to done college? What if fate and destiny gave u 2 opti t,o die a hero or live long to se ur self become a villain? Witch would u chose? Hmm I wonder if summer 2014 will be as good or even better than summer 2013.... Why is Oliver Roustling holding Kim K's belly in her latest Instagram. Foreshadowing a second pregnancy Tuesdate. Is it with her Kief? ((sana)) Hmmn how does it taste like... Lol if only she could answer do you watch ? :) I wonder.... what do people do with all the extra time they save by writing "k" instead of "ok"??? just as long as it keeps coming ! Who's the girl anyways? how does the 20% work? Each time Hiller plays the Ducks start playing bad how much money do you think could be raised from a promise to grow a beard and shave a head? ...do babies drink water? Real talk. I've never seen it done. Has anybody ever actually gotten salmonella from eating raw cookie dough or are people just trying to stop me from living my life. but when someone says they have the best mom ever everyone seems to keep quiet. What exactly does this emoji mean ? Are cleat chasers bad? If so, why? Does the first lady get paid for being the first lady? I wonder what would happen if you made coffee with redbull instead of water hello, when and where can these hastags be used? Thank you :-) Which school are you from? :P do you ever read what your fans tweet you? SOLUTION: If any celebrity wants to just let me tag along one day, I'd be more than happy to! What a beautiful horse, Marieke! We'll take good care of him/her :-) Are you going to film another movie in LA? I have freckles, pretty sure that's not a common Filipino trait.. One more day until we know our new name and logo. does anyone really read them? any information on an operation near Casuarina prison? Saw TRG on side of road when driving past this morn. what is the first site you open up when walking into the office?? It honesty looks like oomf would be bomb at sex lol Hi Emma! How long does it generally take you to ink a page like that? {{:o) could you leak some details or is that confidential What Age do Gays/Lesbians stop being Gay/Lesbian ? I Wonder How its Like to Have a Weenie lmao are they saying tart or tard on ? lol Heading to the Treasurers House with a porcelain sandwich by to find sites Who is the Worlds worst mum?? Why are there 12 hrs of "Scarlet" titled movies on today? Are there any discontinued SPL gears you're still looking for?? Apparently I have a look alike on campus is it you? Think Mexican hipsters look at Cinco de Mayo the way jaded hipsters look at New Year's Eve? As a night for "amateurs?" Do people in jail or on trial get to vote? Is it weird that I find a girl more attractive rocking a pair a jeans and a nice jumper rather then high heels and a skirt You know the way a snail carries it's house on it's back does that make a slug a homeless snail? WHERE ARE YOU ALL FROM? how can my body be aching this much after the hockey match Sunday, i hardly did any running umpf! Why don't you believe me??? what u thinking of Dropping? Easter has passed, but Khan was curious Does anyone know why they put handles on push doors ? if talking is cheap how come phone bills are expensive ? kinda now. Can't wait to see what it is. all the way. I won't I know you pretty well .. Won't push it ;) achcha do you read ALL my gossip n stuff ? standing room only by the looks of it! What's the old no till seeder? with the very complex recipes on the show what happens if a contestant has a learning disability, such as dyslexia? Is it right for a business, no matter the size to charge $0.50 for an eftpos transaction? Hi there, may I ask you something? What do you think of the nickname "Mandrea" that has been given to you Is causing the dramatic rise in OK earthquakes? The natural gas industry says no. What do you think? I mean, do they work? What's your take on this look? What will the return of bring to the world of showbiz? ? Does a GOOD LOOKING HORSE run faster than A UGLY HORSE ?? HO HO HO Ask around the city offices for an informal poll: what are top 3 things churches could do to benefit their towns? Curiosity killed the cat but it was taunting the rabbit lol I wonder how many celbs read the tweets people tweet them?? Curious Pathways radio show starting in 30mins on 105FM or - Shakespeare in unusual guises! Guess who? Hannah's Beach Resort Pagudpud, Ilocos Norte If you put chocolate milk in your coffee, does that make it a mocha? A sandwich by - where in from 14 June to 7 July hell yes! Ugh got another big test Thursday. Uugh! So were u from exactly? ! I wonder if Kelly's dad has killed her yet. "It takes a moment to make memories, a lifetime to forget 'em..." question of the day: why is it called 'driving under the influence' when you are high? hmmm.. ha ha. Me too! Although why do I want to try them though?! interesting i get the 'windows update' after i post this link. is this a boeing or...thing microsoft? The biblical &amp; historical Christian teaching is no sex before marriage. What is your church teaching? Or doesn't it mention this? Why were the firefighters at PS city hall during her live broadcast? Odd, I hope does a video trying out the new bareminerals bareskin liquid foundation MYSTERY OF S.RAO .. early waiting.. vry mch curious to knw bout it.. When you catch yourself bout to talk to the one person that broken your heart into little pieces then backspace and stop.. Putting it out there in the ether... What did turning 30 mean to you? Guys, I chopped all my hair off and my coworker hasn't said anything yet. Is it really that unnoticeable? Question: How saturated is music playlist curation services/app? Is there a market for a new entry? It sounds as if they have made a lot of changes, the most significant being they don't document all 24 hours. she and Brady would get along very well Y its necessary 4 some ppl to any little thing they do ?? what they want 2 project ? biblical instruction at College Park Presbyterian Church, College Park, GA. Only within the covenant of marriage. The air in an average-sized room weighs about 100 lb (45 kg). Which cigarette(or black n mild) is better? The one after a good meal or the one after sex... May we say counter-culture? As I get older, the more I realize how counter-culture/revolutionary His instruction is. God I break everything I touch if you don't care about something, why waste your time creating petty arguments? no search features for over 10 hours now. What's going on??? I spent my whole bio class trying to figure out where bethlehem is... what what??? When can we expect this double scene? solely by mechanics means: no hands have touches this product. damn what kind of person go in on like dat? looks like this handle was polished - what for? :) do you refer to 'Dinah Shore' in If not, what are you saying? Is this really what a lightning scar looks like? I wonder if teachers play the "Who's a Virgin" game in their heads in class.... I wanna know where the 6 votes that weren't Durant were. Not saying no one else coulda had a shot CP3 curry leBron all good shouts Hi We specialize in so have it covered. Thank you though! Which systems do you use? how can there are no bruises or purple marks when you guys punch each other? what do u do for work apart from modeling? Who am I to you? Is there anyone who knows his IG account?? I Cant find it,, Watching the guy put a new windshield on the van! What are some peoples thoughts on Cuba? What's your category you gat to love 2014 world cup advert! I love it" Are there any girls in murrieta/temecula that know how to surf? Frank Sinatra was thrown out of high school for bad behavior only 47 days after enrolling. Why do cat sneezes sound so cute? Is twitter really banned in Saudi? lol Today, I missed a parcel that I didn't remember ordering. Weird question of the day: Who got a bday on May 20th besides me??? If I get married will u come? Good afternoon! wants to know, what's for lunch? :-D Besides being an event for ridiculously good looking people to dress exceptionally well, what exactly is the point of the Met Gala? any idea on the police in arley drive? do you guys still have the team that goes on other people's twitters/Facebook and slates them? I used to work there.... So they're reviewing the Kurt Cobain case again... Let me know how it works with the breads. I'm wondering if the density will be impacted w/out the oil. Have a look around for surprises, says one such tip, Call your friend have a conversation" says another.... What do Angolan people eat? If you read this tweet, favourite it so I can see how many followers read my tweets. In Norway, 'Odd', and 'Even' are common male first names. It is not unusual for a man to be named Odd-Even. How would you say it if not bluntly? I really wanted to ask him, "Ok, what kind of person do you think I am? Go on, make your assumptions now." lol Why is it titled 'Bangla'? What do you guys think of ClubAlfred? Jammin to Curious Remix by my brother while I'm on break!!! haha alright, now i've got it :D I'll remember for next time! you got an exciting storyline at the moment? I wonder if the baby knows that he's watched the same episode of Sesame Street, 5 times in a row... Good . . Lovinn feel so . . Nummmmmmmmb Who are you rooting for? I've always been weird about smells. Is that normal for most people? Where does stand on Ana Mendieta? Is it funny I don't care anymore .. Why are there so many random hotels in Shepard's Bush? Where do you enjoy your Fit OrganiX Ready to Go Meals? us? who are those 'us' hahaha ilysm kimmy when u finally found the answer to your Q, pls share it w/ me. Haha! Seriously help me figure this question out im just a lil Is it possible to have a million people by you're side and feel like you have nobody in your corner ? "Doesn't d fight for survival also justify swindle &amp; theft? In self defence, anything goes." Marcos Started making a table. What do you all think of the table top idea so far? why is that I'm really wanna know? I mean Jordan left the entire nba but no one hates on him for it ..."I'm beginning 2 think thy both want Oscar behind bars Haha as if our dogjust walked up having a sticker from intel on his side.. guess I'm not the only computer geek around here. ...agreed. Opies narcissism has got him into some trouble with defence. Don't take it the wrong way but why are your topics always bout Islam? She's thinking she's a cat...#photooftheday which summer anthem are the girls recording OOoooooo.....which song is out next??????? I agree. (One's eating ones supper.) But there seems to be an alternative opinion out there. So what pose did Rogue really want for Thor, Haha so what do you do? Buy a 12 inch and eat half and half? Or you buy them separately? What is he looking at? Cam profile accidently bt wait wat i jst red "y im doing this""im gng to die""gym with Justin"u mean justin biber? Why do you own a Mustang when you drive 10 miles under the speed limit? Why ya is love the gym on upper body days but hate the gym when its leg days Cam acros profile accidntly bt wait wat i jst red "y im doing this""im gng to die""gym with Justin"u mean justin biber? What's your most heart breaking moment in stargate atlantis? Does anyone else think of something nasty when you hear or read "Tossed Salad" or is it just my sick twisted mind? before you started querying, did you send your MS to a copy editor? Would you recommend doing so? chevron &amp; oval alleles anyone? I am afraid to ask but i will anyway, Why? I want to know what others think about death and the after life.. ignore what Beth says. You should tell me what she says about me hahaha. Okay, so..., what is it... I'm super duper about what you're trying say... like where have i heard that in le libre before? el libro? Fellas would u constantly give ur wife nails and salon money??? Deciding not to care seems to solve a lot of problems i'm sori, but I wonder if believes in god!! Wud Yu Rather Be A Lonely Genius Or A Sociable Idiott???? Do Canadian legions just always fly their flags at half mast? Hey have you announced a replacement for Ben yet? Did run out of BIS or DATA BUNDLES today? After reading your book&amp;watchin your 16&amp;preg epi-when Jo went off w/ "Enrique" was that really the girl he worked with? How Long before you save me??? Do you believe in destiny? Ah. Well a very VERY useful plant. Interested to find out what you plan to do with it :-) anyone know if the boob song is in this semi? I have subtitles on do you cover Summer also or only Primetime shows? If so, why? What app are people using to chop up &amp; edit their mobile videos? Is a girl still beautiful to you or even your girlfriend if she has plastic surgery Do you get money if your picture/video goes viral Getting today really want to see Just curious is part 2 also online and are they in YouTube? have you ever heard of lol we found some really locations in the garden, will be interesting to see how visitors respond lol ping me on whatsapp!!! Anybody else notice how Galliani stopped mentioning DNA once he saw that Seedorf was living up to everybody's expectations but his Wondering if suffix "Stack" was so popular before Can I pick your brain about the Orange Coast College program you're taking for film? when people say the have a food baby, are they saying that they have pooped in their pants? reference my tweet. Is it legal? the next thing we get an email marketing message 2 months later to say try the product with a new improved formula! Lol Giggs won't retire clearly, aint he older than Sir Bobby? Lol he wants to play till he wears a dipper again case of Ryan. All I want to know is what song the girl loved so much in Play It Again by Luke Bryan yo, massive respect to you and your work, but Will, your tombstone? will.i.was or Arma mod tools are interesting case. I don't understand them or simply I'm too stupid to use them. How on earth people mod Arma? I really want to try dragon fruit What phone do people have?! Can I pick your brain about the film program you're taking? Super cute Curiouser And decal Ready to watch ! So ! you two are What other functionality can you imagine for this type of technology? Obviously, keys. What else? Time to see if this "Game of Thrones" is any good or is it just a load of codswallop what were their actual arguments? Impact on community? Attendance? where are you from mate? Really?? Who do you think should have won it? Anyone who can come up with a good reason for using the called ? Yeaa Today's Math Lesson, Yeaa When Are We gonna Use That In Life .?? I'm wondering how women refer to me when ever theyre referring to me to someone whos not ever seen me with my and color pigments Jake Steed Captures And Fucks Curious I wonder what my life would be like if I never met you Will females ever grow up ? wtf. What's with the eerie bastard? 8D I wonder why EDCNY is only two days? To the friends who lift, what preworkout do you guys use? What would you prefer? A small personal wedding? Or a lavish huge wedding? I wish they had showed what the inside of Kramer's apartment looked like. I wonder do crabs think fish are flying?? Hee khawutsho, who's this Sakhekile you work on? jammin while cleaning the house!!! don't really get the human race half the time, like what makes you be such a knob MIKE. What is that gorgeous bike in that photo? I'm not a rider but if I was-that's the style I'd choose. When it comes to visual memory, boobs are more memorable than a penis. Yep, I typed it. memory wonder who Shay's 'surprise guest' is? Why is it a "Bachelor's" degree? Because the first educated people were men? Glad you were able to put the extension back up! Why was it taken down? Is this girl a LeBron fan or is her name really LeBron? I always thought u rode the bus Does this same logic explain why the West hated the October Revolution? have any of you been approached at conferences? could they learn to read without your help? Found 2 boxes of shoes home....not sure yet who sent them Has anyone ever tried going a day without listening to music or singing something? Were there noticable upticks in print sales for Fable since Wolf Among Us launched? Do game fans buy the comics? I would love to see our generation without modern technology, just to see how much happier we are as a whole What sort of music do you listen to? good!!! Doin' this on Skype for creative writing too! ( when I've time) so what are you creating? !!!! definitely! What's your take on open toed shoes at the office? ;) have u ever touched Egdars butt hole and liked it?!? I always wonder what it'd be like to be a YouTube/TV personality I wonder how folks talk about me anytime theyre speaking about me to someone who has never ever been introduced to me Great line "Musical landscapes are the backdrop of my existence, ramping up pleasurable moments." What good shows c'mon tonight ??Bored is it going to continue to be a KOA? Why are clowns so creepy? lol was that a subtweet doe Anyone know the story behind this building's name in Elizabeth St sure exactly how does that happen? is this how you are going to act towards the Cena/Wyatt feud Schlegdaddy? Complaining all the way? What do you want? I'm so happy that your safe!! I voted for you. Btw I love your hair! How do you get it like that? I've got a Cameron Treloar coming down to my footy club tomorrow night to train/play.. Any relation? Sorry to ask She hella nervous Lls bout this tat Here it go gun loaded Morning! Why do u enjoy learning folks? When did thot become a sub for the word hoe? . thanks 4 the retweet I appreciate it. What you think of the song my testimony? No one ships Crowley and Abaddon do they? Hey do you still talk to anybody from Dreamstreet? plz, where do yall explain the as to the rankings? I have a question. When do you decide to go to a TV timeout? Is it after a certain amounts of stoppage in play? What does your family think about showing old home movies for the world to see I wonder if still has that awesome laugh?? What about where the Cindercrete plant went? Has anyone heard from about the DMB tour rumors? Where y'all going and what y'all doing for $300-$400? What the frick Danny why are you pretending to be some rando dude named Andy? Do any of the boats in the fleet have a person that just does the cooking, or do the deckhands take turns? Biz-minded women what scares and excites you about your biz? fans - Would you be interested in a virtual comic convention for events you can't make it to? How much would you pay? Ready for the weekend even though I don't know what's in store. ; Let Barkley bash me publicly if he wants; but I'm pretty sure that depth is important in the playoffs... Do you pull this from Destiny? You never cared so why should I? I lean my head sideways sometimes wondering why they playing with me. I'm always thrilled to get a new follower. But I'm always which particular tweet has got them Does anyone know why is switching gyms? I want something different every day it seems I know Harry Potter has been in the wizarding world for 7 years, buy may I ask why he learned a spell to specifically break ice? What do call a fake Apple product? Iphony? How does the point system on snapchat work? My boyfriend might be moving! He isn't sure yet if he is tho :( :( :( Nail art and the love of my life!!!! wanna come to grunge music event, even that's not my fav music will you pay for my next clinical visit to Planned Parenthood? Really want to disappear for awhile to see if anybody would actually care... Uncertainty is scary, but follow your passions and stay passionately curious. both contains caffeine, but guarana pills &gt; coffee? Why do people put spaces before their punctuation? Hey bro, have you announced where you're going or maybe at the end of the week? that's all during the 09 Haskell you said Rachel Alexandra was the best horse you've ever seen in person. Is this still true? Btw: did we ever figure out the big mystery behind who was?? Btw: did we ever figure out the big mystery behind who was?? nope I don't think or ever sleep! They just keep going...or are they really the same person? what time is it at California? heyy why m i blocked?? Why do teachers have to assign so much work don't that have lives too? Don't know what your about but I want to find out I wish I could go to another school for a day just to see what it's like and how different it is Watching on demand. Where do they hide all of their wigs? how do u get your hair to stick up like that ? What's Cath up to nowadays? have you shot your entire career? what exactly defines a good bathroom break? I want to know who she is Can one straight man tell another straight man he has a nice ass? is consensus more important than truth that can be deciphered? If so why? Does God wait for consensus to act? All 4 cats have discovered the new furniture. LMAO they are ridiculous! Just thinking is there any sports person in the world who has had twins twice like Roger Can someone do a count of how many times says "Oh my gosh" in one episode? Soooooooo why is there a story of dying from shovel injuries? Is your group dressing up at all for the presentation tomorrow? I tried asking on tumblr, but where do you get your stats? What are your sources? What are you drinking right now? milk is "feeling loved" and truly being loved the same thing? I predict that will be in top3 biggest winners of first day in the Let it see if their boldness pays off You could listen to a radio on the Moon, but not on a submarine. Radio waves travel well through space, but not through water. Why? rt If you are above age 12, you shouldn't be wearing BRIGHT blue/purple/red/ orange/ green eyeshadow. Just asked Debra if she believed in big foot &amp; all she said was "you're such an idiot" .. What the hell it was a serious question On A Scale From 1-10 How Intelligent Do You Think I Am ? I wish I could look 5 years ahead and see where I end up I wonder what goes through Chris' head as he sings this considering everything that's happened with Gwyneth see but females like to say shit about guys, why dont females ever say there faults? That feeling when you know it's not right but you want it. so is there a ceremony like with trophies i wanna be there to support my buddy ? Look at this adorable bundle of fur...how could one not love him??? Ever wounder what big foot does during the day if he is always awake at night? 5th period got me thinking, "What is a fart?" do you drink at home or or a Would love your response! I don't like to drink but I want to try my first shot of tequila. How can honey and oatmeal bread be vegan? Some of these people got verified accounts but who are you? Faithful or loyal? What's the difference? &amp; are on twitter, so is the whole quorum of the twelve and first presidency as well? Why is your stuff on private like what exactly are you trying to hide ? Iggy Azalea &amp; Eminem collab?! Please?! can you can get industrial deafness from being yelled at all the time? Tonite. After 9, you know i cnt wait till someday.. :D What advice would you give your 13 year old self? Questions from Is there a neat way to see automatically curated feeds based on social graph across FB / Tw / Li etc.? I wish I could look into the future! Is anyone on else here in the bay trying to get the janoskinator m&amp;g package tomorrow?? I wonder how others describe me when they are referring to me to anyone whos never known me Do they have an early start banded meeting ?? Accepted in my initial tweet. Meaningless game. Any reason for the empty seats at city in vital games Huh. Maybe. Why two booms? O_o Insulin pump has been empty since last night and it's still not beeping like crazy at me. How long des it run on empty. Wonder? Lost 7lbs so far! Time to spend the whole day eating nothing but chocolate! There's VIP around, sino sya? Anybody having o+ blood group? Anyone else why planes of civilians &amp; presidents go missing but never private jets of &amp; status people? Why must ppl feel the need to talk shit or get big over the internet?! What exactly are you proving?! was there some reason you sent that last tweet to people who don't follow both of us? if I were still 10 I would probably ask if you Jamie Curry liked curry but now that I think of it, do you ? Amateur Curious School Girl With Glasses I always what they tell the people on sun sex and suspicious parents the reason for the cameras following them are? The human body grows fastest in the first few weeks. Growing at the same rate, it would be bigger than Mt. Everest by age 50. Why does West Bengal has one of the highest voter turnouts ? did donate the $20G for the Detroit school system? Does anyone know whether is coming back next season? besides your own intuition/scepticism of the Govt do you have any evidence that suggests the cure is hidden? Steampunk Desires: An Erotic Romance (The Complete Collection) If the a woman is president what is her husband be called "First man"? I think it's time to tell us more about your isn't it often wonders what colours would smell like if they had a fragrance mind :) If a woman is president what is her husband going to be called "First man"? I'm wondering the way people talk about me whenever they are talking about me to someone whos never seen me What are you liking/doing better now? I wonder how many of the are voting? Haven't seen other parties targeting their votes ... Ok in the short term but Rent Supplement pushes rents up. What do you think is the long term solution? whats with the smelly fish?? sorry if i ask day 1 of a workshop with Broomberg &amp; Chanarin- in Antwerp u just followed on twitter. Did u on ur way making a material with him? question: if you feel college athletes should be paid, do you think they should pay for their education and equipment? To relinquish control, simply let loose and be more childlike. hey hookah fans have you ever tried hookah alone? Could Gaylord Focker (Ben Stiller) have been there?? Hmmm... So, when the woman of the house decides not to cook for that day, that's when she needs to pay for the family dinner? is it still there lol? Kind of wondering how many people have actually proposed with those hot sauce packets from Taco Bell. I've only ever owned the only by night album do like that! What's this tweet about ? Which six do you have up at the moment? where u learn to speak french Can't wait to see the next episode of My summer starts today!!!! Wat to do... Wat to do.... I want to learn another LANGUAGE ... Girls I would like to take a survey and ask you are there people who would put make up and dress up just for one Instagram post Sir u have promoted sports in the past.. Which sport besides cricket do u follow? And who is ur favourite player? i heard u mention abt tennis the other day.. gives me a feeling tht u follow it.. who is ur favourite player? I actually thought that your basher was a boy. You said cristina and she corrected it to Christina. Maybe it was her. genuine question who's won more league titles between you 2 ? Looking forward to this tonight. would you mind explaining why it happens? You hard before you wake or after? The Afternoon Show with Its time for off to an exotic location. How many attendees are you counting so far then? Does it include dogs? pass me a link so I can check out your music Why, thank you! What do you like the most about our board? What does "sts" stand for? Thinking of applying for a run next year, being in I guess there are lots? Any thoughts? about what it's like to work in our in-house lab? Read our article with new lab supervisor Claire. Why do you always get really cool shaped/looking iPhone cases? Haha! akk. tak paham lah. " i want to kiss you 6 times! " hee do you write any blogs? Is that for watering or for a frame for cover sheeting? Why does everyone hate on Burke? I ask cause he and Yang pushed each other when his hand was bad, Was it cause he left her? is this you way of answering the inquiries about why isnt on the docket? A new hotel is comming to . good to know! Love me some algae, but the insect trend was definitely not on my radar. too they're good friends. They were with another female friend Hey Vicky, you know , what were ye'r poor heads told it was going to be called?? It's Where the TrainTrack Ends. Is there a collection of poems associated with it? any reason analyst desk is in LA instead of your cologne studio? I'd have thought Germany would make time zones easier? So... if you see pictures of the two of you as toddler/little kids, can you remember whose who??? Mad Max was an aussie polish descendat policeman!? Do girls always match their bras and panties ? We are listening to the radio and the quiz going on and we HAVE to ask, WHAT is your sat-nav called?? Loofah vs. Washcloth - Which do you perfer? If you put the lime in the coconut... Do you really need to shake it up?! I wanna know why burls asked who my fame coach was... did you delete a tweet you posted me earlier? Maganda ba yung series na Scandal??! So, feed, thoughts on the pic of Willow and that guy? Anyone been to a game and sat in the rooftop? Is it cool? Or should I sit in a seat? At Effective Comm wksp: if you don't ask questions, your just reacting, not understanding. Weird question of the day: Blaaaaaaaaargh? what do you stake on your bets? You always win but don't never say how much. Can somebody tell me which fanart Baekhyun liked in IG? Y dsnt stage a counter-#Dharna against dharna ? What are you listening to right now?!!! I don't think the fact that I am a person is relevant okay. Only the colour of my skin. Wondering what the mean numbers say for all playoff goalies. GAA. SV%. I wonder if one of the perks of salary is being able to do my laundry at work.... What's happenin' Quick question, "Do you receive fanmail the farm or no?" Me wondering. With such a fabulous performance in y doesn't Pravin Thambe get his due? old age? Why me? Is the real question What Has Randhir Actually Written On The Walls Of FITE &amp; Sanyu's Desk??? O_o about rover &amp; what it's been up to on the red planet? Here's proof it's hard at work How Being Children Led 2 Internet Pioneers To Innovation (w/ dear friend Can someone tell me how much spends on landscaping annually? normally has a sick sense of humor...I wonder how funny he'll be drunk. Hhhmmm... Late night painting, almost done. oppa,are you still in contact with your friend from highschool in oregon? What do they think about you and teen top? What are your native languages? Hi Eli! Where DID u get that photo of Prince William flying coach? Is your workout "fun"? Does it need to be? How do you handle a trainer who does nothing but "yell"? I don't find that fun What is up with the blizzards? I wonder why it hails significantly more in the Midwest than the Northeast. is the cat dead or alive Where is that stat from? Got a citation? Article? Can't believe I had such a nice sleep!! What does it mean when u dream of drinking the blood of the Eiffel Tower?!?! how'd you first get introduced in the industry because its af I wonder what this summer is gonna be like TOO MANY NASH QUADS tweet me your fav one WHy is everything on the left is always bigger in the human anatomy? Checking out whether the grass is greener on the other side of the fence. Never mind 'seeing the sites' I've been seeing the venues! I have become my dad; digging relatives up but I have to say I am What would happen if all 4 of my tires fell off simultaneously while driving? Would I roll, or slide? Do people really like going to a mall??? If you don't mind me asking why do you have an Igbo first name ? when will you have your new album?? &lt;3 Why should one get Instagram? Are you planning on gigging in London .... any lag problems? Can you do a hangout and record it? That would be pretty did you manage to get my email because I think I used the wrong email???? That's quite the trio. So, um, what happened to the first one? are you making 3G worse in order to force customers onto 4G or is the service just rubbish? do you rate Milk thistle tablets for their liver healing powers? I Dislike When My Mind Telling Me One Thing, &amp; My Heart Feeling Another Way! Which One Do I Listen To??? Do you all agree or nah? Has anyone else in the world ever broke a finger and have three surgeries to fix it ? Our colleagues generated 41 proposals in our process. Tomorrow the voting starts. Is it me or has the frenzy around died after the 'fixing' uncovered last year? Where would you add your brands logo / signature to this laptop bag? so I'm taking an astronomy course and a star and constellation identification course.. you could say I like to stargaze ooh looks good! What's this all about? Is it a twitter love story? and ???? why? Want to say more? Question everything. you got this covered. What do you do when a girl's husband gives you a feeling that he is gay? what are you reading ? Is there a certain reason why im losing followers or is my accout just poop well let's say that one of the players gets injured, can his spot be taken? You got me wondering what we could be how may registered voters there On another note.. as you - my tlist - know me so well.. after all of this.. who do you think will end up being my VIXX bias? question, what % of Prem games won by the team who goes 1-0 up first? What is standard $$$ for a flight from LHR to LAX Quote this tweet with the last picture you saved on ur camera roll :) Photo: What is the reason for this? Why are the standards so different? what are the challenges that come with supressing your innate sexual appetite? I hate texting people back and being left hanging, like why did you hit me up? lol What does it feel like for someone to be sweet to you?? I'm confused of why you quoting KT, she don't like not one bit of you just like jasmine What's your current ringtone? ;) Can you explain your "whatevers comfrotable" tagline further? And the inspiration behind it? Any info on what all the police presence was at 8501 E. Alameda late last night? you wouldn't happen to know who the rest are? Wrote my first song, God is up to something. Have we ever seen wearing yellow? Why the folks you love the most are the ones who leave ya first is your full time job youtube or is it an engineer What kind of accessibility features? It already has keyboard navigation, right? What else are you adding? Road Show-ing w/ Mr Seaweed. Appraising family Place your bet. why ? How are they diff from ordinary bullets Why were all most of South African musical Artist wearing ANC clothing vandag???? nah! I'm taking decisions that I myt stick to, in which my life wud Neva b d same again. Wher ws d sighting at again? What does one have to do to gain access to your gang? I wanna know earlier!! and it kills the cat!! :)) What would be your dream role in any musical ever? :) Hey Tony, ! Do you have a Ultimate Favorite Movie you Directed? ;) WHAT WAS YOUR HIGHSCORE IN FLAPPY BIRD? Do you still get nervous before going on stage and if so, what do you do to calm yourself down? I loved this 6th episode of but now I'm fighting with myself to not read on wikipedia what will happen afterward did you get fired from glee? Why do guys get their nipples pierced? Well, any sample questions before the ol' exam Saturday?? is it normal to use franchise names in bad news? I wonder how much that cat operation, resus and treatment cost? I think I counted at least 6 people in that room. Question for skateboarders: is your leg that pushes ridiculously stronger than the one always on the board? If you could go or do anything right now what would it be? When did u start rapping? it'd be wonderful if my grades were posted. Someone brought balloons to me today and I have no clue who they're from hey how are you feeling today!? Hope all is well and you have fun! Does the red bracelet you wear mean anything? no interest in watching any coverage of the greatest league in the world? That is a powerful love indeed. What if schizophrenic people Rent actually insane. What if they're actually being haunted?!?! A today 4 explaining I'm sure you gained knowledge today Gaby are you bulletproof style with butter and coconut oil? How bout your recipe... It takes a moment to make memories, a lifetime to forget 'em For those programmers out there....do you tend to work better during the day or at night? I see you are a fan of How did you feel about "his followers" that woman related to What do you consider the perfect corporate gift? anyone's twitter page changed cause mine has :/ - is that you? ;-) does it have a secret identity? Mmmmmm I have suspicions now.... who's going to the m&amp;g in belgium?? x) Preetty sure that Gatsbys money came from drugstores but not certain Cos wen u dislike one dey say its cos u wana b like dem,wat bwt wen u like dem? nyt Clay buatan buaji, mm kawaii much much Who still has a library card? Wonder wat goes on in his head wen I look at him Does cool edit pro offer the software on macs as well? Hey could you tell us who's going to be at the DeFranco Does LA this Friday? Might have to cop this medical bud, wanna see how it tastes What's up everybody, how's it going?! Thanks for the thumbs up via a favorite Ever feel like u want to tell someone something.. but imagine it to be perfect.. yet the total opposite always occurs.. xx and I suppose you think Benzema was/is perfection? of what you're gonna do. oh wow ! Congratulations in advance !!! May Allah keep you both happy inshAllah. I asked because it's my birthday. what you do work, school, model ? Assessing the accuracy of presumed genetic compatibility and similarity between pigs and humans that's all Just wondering what does offer a family plan ready to make a switch from there current provider? How often do deals agreed to on fall through after the show airs? Thank you for following but what is Lavish? in frozen during the love is an open door song. Do u act like a robot while singing the mental synchronization part. serious question...... When will you see one of my tweets?! feeling It had been a strange day, just trying to find the reasoning. Got a multimedia message from an anonymous sender and I can't download it I might do a few laps around the block I would love to know who some peoples tweets are about Is this a book or what? What are the days counting too? Is it Wrong Sendin Nudes ? lol Honest opinion ? AndHENNY so what would u say about me? lol so what would u say about me? lol I'm wondering how anyone talk about me when theyre talking about me to anyone whos never ever known me How many of you actually made a switch to TWC from DirecTV because of the Dodgers channel? a unique use of :D w/ on the Funny how the just finished building a new wing onto the hospital. hey where do you know that's hiring? :) From WSC's first season, note the year on them though. I prefer round rolls as opposed to long rolls, what does everyone else like? Where Joseline sex tape ?? Did you ever play that female basketball player in a one on one game?!?! What do you get when you have a and an ? What would've it been like? Looking for the tweets complaining that Jones needs to take more pitches. Can't seem to find any today if the Tillman family was ok with a film being made, do you feel you could accept the role ? are the totes made from the extra fabric of Nyjers pants? lola_the_sassybeagle, what do you hear silly puppy? Do you think people feel flattered-- or weirded out when people use their pictures for a fake profile? Are bad singers bad hummers too? Can relationships last long without going into a marriage? What is this orange skin on Gouda cheese? I wonder if there's a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow?? Waiter at Bdubs "good job Rachel for not choking on me" to his fellow worker as he walks by...what's going on in the back Still with wondering who's the girl crushing on me if mimi &amp; joseline fight who y'all think would win? lmao. I wonder how I got it!?! I don't count many relationships that don't last long or was a mistake, but do they see me that way too? To all my biz-ladies: what is your biggest personal struggle in biz?? Go! House guest rules - please don't leave makeup bags within reach from do the girls still dance now they have left aldc?? Let me ask a teenage girl who found a picture with text on it on Tumblr what it's like being a comedic genius and/or philosopher. Looking forward to see I bet it'll be great! Any have a wanna see what it entails and how to do it right Favorite this if you're a college student who has never used adderall before. is this a good thing or bad thing? What public place have you had sex before? wow so why did u follow me? I wonder how many times and are featured on googles ugliest cry face search... do any of my followers live in the Albany NY area tho? Just wondering.. Put yourself in a mans shoes.... Would you cuff a female like you? Is it possible to love someone but not like them at the same time? that was in 2010 haha but what did she do why you tweet this right now and now my chicken sits on my shoulder while I write this hahahah wtf omfg !!! nugu? colek sports seoul will reveal two dating couples at 10am (cont) Death actually intrigues me a lot..#plsdontjudge I honestly didn't even remember doing that. I plead young and dumb:) Can you snap a pic and tweet it? Why so many artists loves using iPhone instead of android smartphones? our Bran still the same and child who eats nothing with eyes! You deserve this. Agree stay home! 