Fighting to find the last ounces of motivation to finish school but I can't I am unable to feel anything currently because I've felt literally every emotion in the past 24 hours Wish I was as emotionally strong as I used to be! The last 2 days have been long and horrible not been able to get out my bed hopefully i wake up the mora and feel better! Can't wait for my exams to be over with! A good night sleep is definitely needed. This was me as soon as I got back for school today I deserve and need some Starbucks. 5:30 please come soon! came out of that practical and went straight to the beer distributor; it's beer time Ive never needed to sleep so much in all my life I need some excitement to spice up my life!! Extra hours in the day job have knackered me out physically and mentally-trust it to the the busiest week so far! Got off at one today and took a two hour nap . I just want to eat and go back to bed until tomorrow ! It seriously feels like the day that never ends, very long day! It feels like I've been awake for about 4 days in a row... Can't wait for things to settle down in work Any one got any motivation going spare that I can have it feels a lot later Gonna spend this whole weekend being lazy, resting up and chilling nicely. Sad as it sounds I cannot wait! Took an hour nap instead of working on my lab book Carl Froch looked ill to me on Ringside tonight. I maybe wrong but something tells me he's over cooked this training camp When do u know to just give up ? How much more can a person take before throwing the towel in I need a quick fix....my bar zz too low There is never enough on social media to keep my occupied during this class Apparently today was parents don't give your kids medicine day and send them to school Studying is just not happening today after taking a test last night and today, i have no ambition to study for the other two. I just really can't with the library anymore this week Why wont you effin charge! AIN'T ENOUGH HOURS IN THE DAY FOR THIS SHIT So this days just gotta fly by.... Starting to become an overload just wanna get my diploma for her and make her the happy like she deserves. Tired of the pressure Don't even think how all this makes me feel. wow this week is killing me well I didn't expect going to the ER to be on my list of things before going home Just finished driving from St Albans to Carrum Downs and back! Tieing my hair up today b/c I cba Ballin up today... Making our layups Thank funk it's Friday, feels like one long ass week. at this point, i'm so tired of school. everything. &amp; everyone. I be sooooo tired this whole week Even though I took a nap earlier today, I'm still really tired.... Gn Just power cleaned my room Calling it quits for the night. Praying that I pass these exams. It's been the longest and hardest week of my life! After a total of 5 hours, I have finally completed the poster and 7minute speech for Russian Haven't wanted it to be bedtime straight after getting up this much in so long Can't wait for today to be over and the bank holiday to begin, I Need a lie in! Could sleep for a week! :( Can't be bothered with college today, done so much work this week Just wanna lay on this all day if im honest i wish i'd booked time off work sooner than september. Couldn't talk myself into getting out if bed only resulted in hitting snooze 1,000 times &amp; being late to work! In a perfect world I will one day get a good nights full rest... glad this has only been a 4 day week Need a whiskey after that customer...I dont even drink whiskey Working hard and sacrificing all the time with no reward Next 12 days filled with work, bar tendering, college &amp; conference, I really would appreciate a day of nothing right now... Today is going to fall somewhere between the 4th and 7th layers of hell Can't wait to have my little godson tonight then stay in Just let me take this exam and test already so I can sleep. Haven't slept in about three days, i'm not even sure how i'm suppose to drive to class. So ready to get this day done and enjoy my weekend. This was a week from hell. My last 7 nights... Rest day is coming... It's been an exhausting week So tired I missed my train stop tired ..Yeah THAT tired This is getting beyond a joke now Fully knowing you're gonna pay for the lack of amount of work you did next week but still not doing it anyway It's gonna be such a long day.. Seven hours of sleep was clearly not enough for me I haven't been in the library for less than 9.5 hours each day since i've been back Since I can't get a massage at this hour,I'll just dream about giving me one. At baka hindi lang massage ang makuha ko. Lol In desperate need of a cappuccino right now totally not in the mood today to figure out the new snapchat Im feeling the effects of all the junk i ate while doing thing project!!!! feeling 1st block just started and I am already done with today Give everything I have day in and day out My past holds me back from talking to people I feel are too good for me, cause rejection's an ugly thing. I'll probably still fuck you.. but I'm done loving you All motivation is being drained by this assignment... 1000 more words, then one last assignment! Had one of the busiest weeks and it's about to get worse over the next 3 weeks Don't think it's possible to ever get enough sleep. 15 hours graphics exam finally DONE!! I just want to lay in a bed of clean laundry with a puppy and a blunt Can't wait to get home and just chill Spent the majority of the day in time out. Wow. Can I just... Can you just... Sigh. Why does everything go wrong today? Heading to the library soon to take my MUS final Falling asleep at half 5 is not good Would like nothing more than to get into bed and not move for the rest of the day :( Accusing me before asking me is the worse thing to do to me Haven't got one ounce of enthusiasm in me for anything lately. Finally leaving Wales after what feels to be the longest week of my life. Worst day ever = worst headache ever. But now it's done. Can't remember when I cried this much last time Been napping since I finished my final at 9 and I don't plan on doing anything again for a while Bout ta take an hour nap then I'll go ta bridgeton_ too much to do in soo little time Exactly how I feel now dissertation is done! I've never wanted to go home and go to sleep so bad in my whole entire life This week has been absolutely horrible. I need a bottle of blackberry wine stat! Today's WOD officially kicked my butt. I have had enough of doctors. Use your brain figure it out or go back to school. I don't wanna hollar at em but shit. Need a holiday Glas / Green Solomon Grey I could sleep for a week That sugar rush was badly needed to get me to the end of this shift I seriously doubt I'll be able to make the walk back to my dorm I think the past week of constant going as finally caught up with me. I wonder what it's like having a whole weekend off after going to school all week?.. Feeling a bit need a friendly face to pick me up..!! Done so much maths today. cannot wait for my uni work/exams to finished with! just want the stress to over Disease management exam today was a killer, so glad it's over I love those challenging friendships where I'm pouring out for others. ! I just feel so empty right now. Newbold told me first year at uni was easier than A-levels, you lied to me Newby whilst trying to download Kik but not been able too AND after doing 2 hours revision ;) My body will be dead by Sundays, played football match last Sunday then Wednesday and again this Sunday &amp; work on top of that! Couldn't be happier that weeks over!! 7 13 hr shifts in one week isn't my favourite i need a cold one to ease this looong wrk week i had I remember when naps were less than 5 hours long... Worked my (not so little) ASS off today :/ I feel kinda tired... and drained.... ?? :D Completely drained after a week of exam hell in uni Finally fucking done! Just want to shower, eat, and sleep surprise touch session then gym I don't know why I'm so exhausted. Been sleeping on and off all day &amp; still could sleep more.... Better not be getting sick. it's scary how energy on Tetris is quite accurate to energy in real life. If anybody heard my broadcasting on the radio between 7-9pm I sincerely apologise. I have had a terribly long week! Practice was a force and a half today Feel like I've just ran a marathon I've been up for a straight 34 hours.... I'm non stop all the bloody time! Living in the post office... never dreamed of it So much work!! I told myself I was getting up like 3 hrs ago to get in the shower Reach the end of the week and I'm too tired to even watch a film Every night I go to bed asking myself is it even worth it to care this much, like when will I see everything being made up for :/ ? All these late nights and early morning are going into effect but glad for the 3 day weekend When it's getting harder to fake a smile you just have to push through it fucks me off that I'm at sixth form all week and then at work all weekend all I want is one lie in ffs I just wanna sleep till the exams are over Falling asleep and hosting a formal in 2 hours.... Wouldn't mind a day were I wasn't at work or doing uni work sometime soon roll on 19th! I need a night out the &amp; the to a of the All i ever do is cry nothing is good anymore and i can not do it anymore.... Someone boost my energy levels Just got out of bed for the day... Just because I have to work Living life to the full on a Friday coffee, bed, sleep!! Actually so drained and done fuck all Midterms take up all my energy for the rest of the week Starting to see a point to Aristotle's catharsis I'm probably the only person in the world who's going to bed before 8 on a Friday night... Its been a really hard week, I think I just needed someone to talk to, Can't figure out what's up.. So I already took a 2 hour nap. Buuuut can I go to bed now or nah? A nigga need a nap I'm so tired I'll probably fall asleep when I'm out tonight. are way tooooo hyped downstairs, I swear they woke me up from my nap Today's been a shitty day This exam tomorrow will be the death of me. But, at least after tomorrow I have a break for a few days before my last one. Ahh, the all too familiar choice of going to bed early and waking up to study or just stick it out... Can I just be a cute housewife??? So over finals :( Love you ladies! Have a great time at OLLA! Moves to make in the a.m. 2 jobs &amp; planning a business all while bein a full time student aint a fuckin joke. The WAY I'm stuck on this couch!!!! I'm tired of the first round of the playoffs. I haven't been this tired in a long time kind of night Not even going out anymore I felt like I should have just handed over my bank account number Sooo tired, Frappuccino Happy Hour is killer. Never been so tired after a meet. Took 5 and half hours. Dont want to get up early for recovery. Yup, track really takes a lot out of you I love children, a whole lot, but they also make me realize how much I love alone time. Officially finished with my freshman year I forget how much the 10 K takes out of you. Can't wait til I'm done with school so I can just work doubles and actually have days off without losing hours Working seven days a week should be outlawed...#nohealthy Really looking forward to working for 7 hours tomorrow then going to babysit for who knows how long.. This semester needs to enddd I work more than a grown woman and I go to school more than a doctor, yet I sleep less than my turtles. I got a headache so I don't have time for arguments or disagreements Was such a busy bee today Hahaha photo taken after 80minutes of rugby. Shagged as fk. Pioneer JC graduation and safe grad got the good of me Literally the first night in about 6days when I finally get to bed before 2 What a long day man What a long day man Why can I not sleep in? I have never felt more tired in my life yet I cannot sleep past 7!!!! Can't even explain how tired I am but :) Bus ride home killed me Work hasn't even started yet and I feel like leaving Literally have no energy/motivation today Currently resting. Tired from walking around SM the whole afternoon. 4 hours of business and 2 hours of psychology done.... Just want to sleep for days :( As we speak grafting away luxuriating in a beautician's chair In fairness she deserves it Gttn off at 6 just to go bck to wrk Uwian time with OJTmates! Microtel Acropolis I'm just getting home and I'm critically low on hp Is that sunlight and chirping birds? That 1 exam took all my energy.. no idea how im gonna emget through another 4 Hate feeling weak after a night out I really need a day just to relax without any sports Pretty exhausting week. I like and hate it. The hardest thing working in a nightclub is waking up feeling hungover and ill every single weekend Why cnt I sleep past nine My sleep schedule is sincerely fucked glad is an understatement.. Catching up on some sleep now! ha after 6 hours on the road, im finally home There's nothing like a shopping trip with mum and the boys to tire you out! 8 hour long drives just really aren't my thing It would be nice to have my appetite back any day now Watching Toy Story, eating a baguette, and doing some online shopping. This is literally all I can bring myself to do. I think I need to request two more days off. So much to do today &amp; just wanna be at the beach already Stomach virus this week no fun be careful it's going around :( I don't think I could leave my bed even if I wanted to. ... But in all seriousness number 6 is gonna be adding another ring So glad I got to catch up on sleep last night, my body hated me for awhile I've never felt so shite after leaving a football match Shopping in Inverness today and the whole time all I could think about was getting back home to bed God I've had a lot of shit happen these past few weeks Making music choices for the doc proved to be harder then expected out! Need to marry a woman who knows how to massage, real talk...sore aint even the word Not long got back can feel the leg ache now that's what happens where you're pretty much front row fell off my seat! Emotional morning. My team wins their first game of the season then I had to put my cat Jasper down. Going to fall asleep again been a long ass week!! Nice to be home. Nice relaxing night in front of the telly. The SATs always kill my mood for the rest of the day. My brani dostn wrko atfr TSAs I know ghost feeling I've worked shifts like that before I miss high school when teachers wouldn't give you homework so you could study for a test. struggling to move out of bed looks like im not doing anything productive tonight Consequences of taking the SATs: you become a terrible driver Even with makeup I look like crap Why do they have to make the SAT's so damn awful! I have work in an hour and a half and I'm the deadest of the dead... wanna do something but 0 energy to even text anyone and plan Writing the saturday morning SAT calls for an afternoon nap Just 2 more hours left here, then 5 over there... So much to do oh well, niggas gotta work. Need some energy from somewhere Every city fan will sleep good tonight!!! I think today just proved that I'm not build to do 10 hour shifts at Sports Direct Wish this headache and pain in my stomache would do one!! 5 to 8 and I am fucking knackered. Can barely keep my eyes open, this is what football does to you I'm so content with just laying here all day. I was literally so positive 40 minutes ago and now I'm just dead. I'm dead. Today was the longest Saturday ever Got my service learning done for sociology I just wanna lay in bed all day long. It may be 8:30 but bath and bed sounds amazing This is by far one of the hardest tasks I have ever taken on, and I feel that I'm embracing it. It's just so hard. tired is not the word !! My energy level and amount of caffeine consumption refuse to correlate right now if anyone wants any information on body dysmorphic disorder then i'll write you a fucking book! Home from A&amp;E after 5 hours! Saying I wanna go out and do something on my only day off.. Then laying in bed all day. one of those weeks that makes the technology behind The Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind look horribly appealing The past few days can bite me Not feeling so hot today I dont know what depression really feelings like but this had got to be something like it. Lemme go take a nap for real this time. Can I just be done for a while? Long day with niece and nephew Seriously do t think I could do anything today if I even wanted! Nearly 19 hours after getting up, it's finally time for bed. It's been a packed full day of non-stop space-themed fun. Thinking really doesn't help you get to sleep Longest day today not even home yet then Central all day tomorrow I'm so sleepy I've been passed out on the couch all evening and I still can barely keep my eyes open I honestly could go to sleep right now &amp; not wake up until tomorrow morning. I know the feeling mate Debating on if I should go to sleep now or wait a few hours Sums up how we feel after the dog park .. 4 times on the ice today What a week it has been Never been so tired from work in a really long time &amp; I'm not even done &gt;.&lt; Just got in from work, worked 9 hours non stop Way too much to do, not nearly enough time Fun day. Long day. Now to prepare for tomorrow. Had a long ass week and longer weekend lol A 9 hour class is just to much I could fall asleep right now... I need another nap! It's been a busy day.. I'm always doing something every time I'm in the cities There is nothing better than pad Thai, creme cheese won tons, and a summer shandy on a Saturday night! Even though the weather was great, that was a VERY long and exhausting 11 hours of umpiring. When I finally graduate from college and I am done forever (so in like 5 years) the one thing I won't miss AT ALL is finals week. After having 3 panic attacks in 3 days I'm cutting myself off from people. Unless you need me please let me be. WHEEEN can I be stress-free for once? I could probs sleep for 5 days right now I think I'm a part-time introvert. Is that even a thing??? needs to hurry up and get here so I have an excuse to stop studying I can't do this anymore. I called into work just so I could have a day off As much as im excited to be having a baby, being pregnant has made me toss my FAVORITE foods, &amp; makes me feel like ive got the flu A head massage do really want to be that relaxed before a fight lol She's definitely going to be an early night tonight. Being a good worker sucks when they have you scheduled every fucking day. I have done more studying and work this past this week then I did my entire high school career Definitely time for a nap 5 minutes away from my bed and i cant wait. My goal is to be passed out by 9 tonight Still haven't slept. Don't rate ima be up in time for my match later Never ran that fast in my life I am so sleepy I can doze off right at this moment even while standing... Good Morning, not even slept! :( this bed is mah bestfriend tonight The past 2 days I've gotten like 3 hours of sleep. The sun kicked my ass today! just finished a ten hour session I no longer have the energy to do anything as of right now. Mama is getting her beauty sleep for her BigDay tomorrow ... and off to bed aswell Don't even wanna do my homework There is no energy left in my body, at all. I have no more energy. One essay down, two more to go. I've had 6 hours of sleep just in naps today and I'm still exhausted. Worst weekend by far... Why can't things go back to the way they use to be. think everyone on twitter is absolutely fried at the minute Eating Oreos while sitting down in the shower with my eyes closed. 5hrs sleep since Thursday don't think I can take another sleepless night Just in the door from 15 hours work.. Oh im fucked,, nice few pound tho! Bath time. Need to relaxxxxx Physically &amp; mentally can't study for AP Psych anymore Been home for almost two hours and I'm already in bed! I have no energy for anything anymore 5 baseball games in 3 days I can see the sound waves of of the carpet sound waves. Day 8 out of 11, roll on Friday so I can have a long lie then spend the day in the bath. Another 12hr shift today on a bank holiday Can I just turn off my emotions for the rest of this week... Today has had to have been one of the hardest days ive had in a while Even when I'm surrounded by friends/family I feel like I'm just not there.. I cannot believe I've been cramming homework in since 3 pm.. Bed has never felt this good Not ready for my math final Everyone says you only get busier after college...not true for ID majors. Cannot wait till my work ends at 5pm. Gotta study for tomorrow's test, but don't got any energy left. IDGAF! I need to pass this test. Good to have this free day off ... Feel physically an mentally ! Ay 3 down 2 to go... lets get some shut eye then to do it all again tonight... Work 3 days in a row. last night was the best night ever but jeez I'm done in lol I've been up for 24 hours wtf Never been so sick in my life. don't think I have enough strength to make it through the week..... Would rather eat my left arm than work today after school We should be aloud to come in sweats for these damn testing days ! I'm starting to believe that there will never be a day where I wake up fully rested. 1 regular 3rd shift and 3 doubles in a row If I can get through today it'll be a miracle So excited for the internet to get set up today. My phone can't handle this no-wifi lifestyle. I really just want to give up already I wasn't tired yesterday but today is a completely different story Thanks to for the best 4 days. Giving us the opportunity to support Church of Misery followed by I don't think ill ever not be tired. not in the next 12 days anyway. Staying back those 2 years took the life out of me Can't wait to shower &amp; get into beddd I am exhausted to the point of barely keeping my eyes open What made your day today? TRAINING, RESEARCH FINAL EDITING. Story development is a tough, tough job ._. I've cried so much these past few months that now even mornings like today, no matter how bad I feel like crying. I just can't. I've just done and someone could have told me the further you get in to this workout that it goes to an hour sessions!!!! oh yeah...i just cant wait thou The end of this school year seriously can't come soon enough I can't wait til my days off I think I used up all of my energy last night fighting dark magic on a pirate ship to function today. Haven't had this type of a Monday in a minute. As soon as this lab module is finished I am NEVER setting an alarm EVER again I just wanna sleep and not wake up for a week So drained I am and its only MONDAY!! :( So tired. Nayeli didn't sleep well so momma didn't either. Its gona be a long year this school needs coffee machines Also I'm half asleep/fucking tired. Good night. I usually don't take "naps".... but i'll try one out The feeling is indescribable... Oh ye of little faith.... can't wait to get into bed tonight Can't people just avoid shopping on bank holidays Finally turned in my take home final. Hopefully I did okay. That was a struggle. Sooo glad to b homeee :) finals are over and all I care about is my bed, pinterest, food and my birthday wednesday. Imma need some fresh air and starlight after all this studying I tell you the messing with my schedule is stressful... So you just mess with it more. Today was a struggle. Mainly based off of how I've felt. Really hope I'm not getting sick. love u adore u better wrk b**** hopefully some sleep will make me feel better. Too long of a day.. It's going to take a lot of will power to finish this last week and half of school. That was the hardest workout I've ever put myself through hahah Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings, and emotions. Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings, and emotions. Tell someone if you love them. Hug them when you get a chance. The opportunity is fleeting. Struggling tonight! Feel like the same train has run us over yet again! Like, I wanna shower. I know I am gonna shower. Butttt damn that shit just sounds absolutely exhausting. Done with this damn 14 page research paper....now I just wait to see if I pass or fail...#nomotivationleft Today has been rough! With the exception of a few things! But I think it's time to call it a night. Sometimes I wonder if everyone thinks "I'm dealing with a bunch of crap today, let's text Lindsey." but the finish line is so close! ....1st year of Pharmacy School will be complete! 5/15 My exhaustion level isn't even explainable anymore. i cant even braid my hair Don't you just love being ignored. Fighting the urge to drop out of college with every once of effort I have left. So glad I'm only working 3 days this week I can't stay up like I use to Tired As HELL from this psych final. One more to go! My body is tired, physically and mentally. I wish I had a day off just to sleep in. after 8.5hrs straight of online security training. But now I get a promotion &amp; pay raise :) going to bed before 2.... it's finals week. Who knew studying for finals could be so much work?? Feeling &amp; looking a little &amp; after today's class, Shhhhhyt... Need a good kick up arse today to give me some motivation Can't wait to get back to I wanna see how it feels.......again....... I a good way though Didn't make it to San Antonio but that's okay. Better late than never. So Luling it is.. Dont feel well in the slightest :( Make food but you're to drunk to eat it so you just put your head on the table. Listening to Soca to try and wake myself up Just want to hibernate all day Can anyone explain to me why I just wrote an 8.5 page paper when my requirement was only 5 pages? That was one tough Physics exam! Swear the weekend just gone was a weekend to see how much Sams body can hack Work.. Uni.. Work.. Exams.. Work more than ready for our relaxing holiday! 5 weeks today can't wait!! Can't wait to get home after work and sleep Thank God tomorrow is a public holiday. Its Tuesday and I already feel like im dying. OMG 36 pages of Phil Nat + a report to do for dinner huhu I just want to sleep..... Ang sarap sabihin yung word na 'bwisit' at this moment in time! Work work work! Why oh why?! Wondering how many coffees it's gonna take to make me feel awake today Feeling like I could sleep All day ... How ambi even functioning rn?? Can't even think straight and about to drive London to southampton. Wish me luck Fuck me, aint the word! It's gonna be a long ass day Could have slept another hour this morning. Honesty hour; I don't even remember what final I have this morning. I'm sitting here thinking about it. It feels like it's been a long week, then I realize it's only Tuesday. I can't do all the fake sister shit, these hoes act like he's there boyfriend. I wonder when I'm going to have a decent nights sleep ... Gym was a struggle after that weekend! what a nice surprise rpat this morning ,i am now not worth a crap for the rest o the day i regret sleeping late every night, it's taking a toll on me Today's just one of those days I wanna hide under my covers and pretend the world doesn't exist. Know how to tell someone doesn't/hasn't ever had kids? They have ENERGY...kids suck the life out of ya. Idk what to feel, say, think, do. So glad I dropped art, don't think I could hack finishing portfolios on top of revising for 5 exams and meeting PE deadlines Husbands off too play golf in 15mins, i am off back too bed Everything I'm doing this morning, I gotta force myself to Hahaha but since I won't be studying I also won't be bragging about my grades Between Sunday 26th and next Tuesday I'll have travelled 1,269 miles Such a long week already, &amp; it's only Tuesday. After a brilliant weekend of eating and drinking, back on treadmill and I can tell feel worn out-need sugar quick lol So exhausted! Watching movies and having a lazy day. Tomorrow is going to be another full day dedicated to doctor appointments. The most longest day ever today in school Feeling beyond tired.. Oh look an invisible monkey.. Definitely taking a nap after this next final! Why am I still so ill I'd give anything to jump in my bed just now My college day overall has consisted of only 1 and a half hours of science lessons 4 hours of sociology 52 mark question.. today is a dunkin day Watching on netflix for my break until my next class. Ive 23% battery- i just need to get one hour off it. Od sore and tired...man 2 jobs suck ass smh No motivation to take this marketing final today. &amp;&amp; it's open notes... My doctors are a joke!!!! &amp; these painkillers they gave me make feel ill Feels like my energy is sucking right out of me After today i will have covered around 800miles driving, Chester to Southampton and back, Chester to Northumberland and back My body officially hates me never moved so I had to take the shot. And it! Between the Passed the stick Is it really only Tuesday? Only four hours left to go in work...can already feel the energy being drained out of me...Bring on 9pm! Falling asleep and waking up feeling like you haven't slept for days It's days like these that make me miss being in college. I still love my job though. Have no motivation to revise tonight Sick of feeling like crap This is college Drill Field Literally can't keep my eyes open it's so tight Out here , re-charging . I need a break, I haven't breathed without worrying about small things since finishing exam last week. Officially done with my first semester at UGA... And that was one hell of a semester I'm realllllly sick of working. Better be getting a good dinner after that Officially done with my first semester at UGA.. And that was one hell of a semester fed up of the lack of rest you get around exam season Urghhh today has definitely been one of those days Would really appreciate it if I could stop throwing up now!! Wits gives me the wrong edge This day has gone from bad to worse Mums calling me down for tea but I physically don't think I can move totally feelin a nap when i get home Pjs and bed I think! I have nothing left to give At field day w/my niece this heat bout to kill me Just wanna go home :( I hate that I can't rest during the day especially since I work all nightcrap getting old now I feel like I've had the worst day but nothing's happened After today, a nap is definitely required. Most stressful week ever! Can't wait for these assignments and exams to be over with My eyes are burning Telly best be good tonight! Weird how you can go from feeling happy as fuck to feeling like crap in a matter of minutes So not feeling work tonight Less than 30g of carbs and a sunbed today has resulted in me feeling like Sid the sloth Emotional day does not even cover it!! Okay wake up ivannita you have one more final to study for! I just wanna go home in my cozy bed and cuddle and watch Disney movies 2k erg test and I'm now wondering once again why one does it all Must be the earliest nights sleep yet.. could totally use the OM in my life right now That final just killed me! 80 MC questions really?! Going to bed before the sun has even set... I'm such an old lady. the second I get home I'll probably be going to bed for the night Just got out of an AP test Officially done with 9 of my 18 credits and 12 after my presentation tomorrow! These weeks of hell are finally coming o an end First time back to irish dancing full time since knee injury Still daylight outside and I'm struggling to keep my eyes open, good night! clash....never wanna experience it again....#tired and Canny wait tae these 7 wurking days ur by way no hud a day aff in abot 80 days The saddest realization today: after this exam at 6, I have another one to start studying for immediately after for my 8am tmrw I took two finals today and lost all motivation for the rest of the day Today was way too long and stressful Gonna have to push through these next two months The two shits I gave earlier today about finals has disappeared so glad I didn't take history I'd be much happier if I were in Cabo right now with a martini in my hand This week has just been so krap ! Been sick , can't go jol , Liverpool losing and I'm just so tired all the time . I've never been so tired in my life The thought of not having to wake up at the crack of dawn tomorrow is more comforting than I'm sure any of you would care to know. Eggs and black coffee all day. Ok I really need to start studying for this final =/ ugh I'm hungry...just too damn lazy Totally and utterly Worked very hard since Saturday. Day off tomorrow then London. needed. I am got a lot out of my day Sleep sounds legit perfect right now Soccer &amp; Ice Skating today ? Can't feel my legs bro . When I signed up for this degree I did not realise it was an endurance test Can't get enough sleep lately That final just took me my whole life. So the last day of the semester is .... SOON!! can't wait to get my life back after exams. Wow today has dragged !! &amp; then some Got a little too much sun today. But this week is just not my week tho.. Too much shit to do! There's only so much a person can take! I need a drink or drugs or both and a shoulder to lean on. I've been studying for this math final since 11 It seems like it take more and more energy to do something. Literally just went to the library, drunk my iced coffee thinking I was gonna get shit done. . Didn't happen, so I walked back one final left, &amp; I haven't left the couch since I've been home. I should study.. The motivation i have is next to none. I've been up for 3 hours, im going back to bed Feel really ill now though Having a big girl job isn't all it's cracked up to be This finance stuff is gonna be the death of me nbs I still feel lost serious zzZzZZZzzz flying out of me. So tired already... but i must stay awake for my Drained and left with blue Balls!! Six hour wait in A&amp;E with the little fella Tough work out at dance, now time for a choir concert. Great day at work. Now gon jus eat and watch the NBA games til i crash successfulday I can't wait for this semester to end. Ive seen the amazing Spiderman 2 twice in 2 days. I promise you i'AM okay. I loved the movie but naw. In serious need of a vacation Me after that final ...knowing I need to clean up and pack more. Didn't know how tired I would be. Couldn't be anymore stressed about these finals!! i just want to go to sleep. wake me when finals are over. Must. Keep. Going. Nearly there! So happy it's summer break. If only I could sleep for a few days now.. I do not find it very fair that I have 3 tests the week before I have 5. Long ass day, up again in 4 hours I don't have a final tomorrow &amp; I took a nap but I'm getting ready for bed right now Who just lets their girl go to bed so upset.... I work way too fucking much Getting ready for bed at 9:50pm because I'm an old woman they should take pics of students before and after they go to the library Why do I feel so exhausted. Took 2 naps today and I'm already ready for bed again. i can't believe i did all the questions for act III Zac Efron eats self-esteem errday from us ;~; I've felt so off and not myself this whole day. I don't even know what's wrong. lol it feels like it's 5am Took a 2 hour nap when I got home and I'm already ready for bed. If you see in the next 48 hours, don't say anything just give me a hug and let me cry on your shoulder please#dead I haven't stopped all day About to get this midterm out my way so I can ktfo Tired of studying!!! 1 more final and this semester over!!! After a hard nights work 1 30 am face Roll over and grade these papers. .. I don't think my mind and body have ever been so exhausted. I cannot wait for the day when I can afford booth rental &amp; do whatever the heck I want. My body is dead for the week Just wrote a 4 page research paper on the provisions of the Affordable Care Act 35 min cardio and the rest building muscle Not sure why I even bother with something's No motivation for homework. No motivation to shower. No motivation to get ready tomorrow. I'm about to make love to my bed tonight Is there anything worse than being woken up in the middle of a dream by god knows what?! I would like to nap in peace once! All Charlie wants to do is nurse to pacify and I'm not sure I'm going to survive it. This day is finally over for me I've given you all of me.... Is it Saturday yet so I can sleep all day This is one of the only times I can say I don't like math. This is a really bad time for me to completely lose any motivation I had left for school I've even working on a new promo video all night. I'm pooped. This semester is killing me. This week is killing me and it's only Wednesday Being up since 5 has led to me nearly falling asleep whilst driving. How I did not crash I do not know! Just a week and a half left...c'mon Dri, you can do it. Motivating myself has never been this hard to finish strong. I've been studying since 2 p.m for Chicano studies today, till now. 12 a.m. In need of a serious energy boost today! Boy am I glad that today is over! My head hurts I am dead. 0% energy in me. Why does crying make you so tired?? Finally on my way in the house These last few weeks at uni are really taking it out of me.. Third cup of coffee tonight and not even done with what I need to be done with These birds need to STFU so that I can go to sleep!! Yuck maths exam at 10am Another day of joeying about miles away..ill with it Cba .. Need a week off, to lay on a beach somewhere and not move Beyond tired. Both flats are in mess!! got one more exam left and still need to pack and move. Can't do this any more. Yup, 11,000ft. Almost at the summit of South East Asia's highest mountain. 14 more days of school, and I cannot WAIT! I need food and my bed lol I gotta meet with my supervisor in a few ugh Zombie-like feeling and dead eyes have completely taken over. I can't even look at my accounting notes anymore. Forced today due to muscle spasm/impingement in neck/trap. Probably a good thing as I'm aching head to toe considering saving my pennies and booking a last minute holiday for myself I think I've been through every possible emotion in the last two weeks!! Not the old robot I used to be... 1 final down, 2 more left today then practice and work...... I'm going to need a nap before practice. Ngsashis ub'thongo kancane.. Vote later. Final, then work for the rest of the day... When can I start doing things for myself? Need to carry on with work but my energy levels are at an all time low I have no energy whatsoever to finish off this year Well that's not how I wanted to start the morning. I want to catch a break. Can't wait for this semester to be officially over. Had a good morning run. Is lovely having my sister home from oz but boy am I drained Anyone want to give me any more choices/revision/stress? No? 19 hours, 3 states, 9 meetings. Goodnight world. Can't bring myself to study for this last final... 500words left .. Don't think I have 500words to say! woke up from a nap. Suddenly feel like someone pushed my "off" switch Wish my mind had an off switch Is it even possible to be this happy and this sad at the same time? I work way too much I've helped mom with her rose bushes and went and cut a tree down and cut it up for her friend now I need to get to sleep Idc if it is only 4 hrs I really don't want to go to work My body hasnt felt this tired before, even when I was cutting last year I never felt like this Been up since 4 this morning.. been walking around all day on total auto pilot, Need an energy shot for tonight's run that felt like the longest shift of my life the day, Self funded degrees, without a student loan are such a challenge! Been awake since yesterday at 2 pm LOL fuck I'm exhausted Would love to go to bed and have a nap but knowing me I wouldn't wake up for about 4 days It hasn't quite sunk in yet that I'm done with finals Can't believe how tired I am Definitely needed all that free pimms from school after my French speaking exam today on a Day!! &amp; can't anyone but myself!! Aeryk's Definitely never going to the gym without eating first ever again Did shoulders, abs, &amp; ran 2 miles. Hopefully the rest of my finals go as well as the first one went. Absolutely shattered! Not looking forward to another early start tomorrow I finished The Fault in Our Stars this morning and I need some time to recover... Hit a brick wall this evening!! Need a serious amount of sleep I can't get out of bed. My feet and eyes ache, need a double on the double. *insert moan about busiest day ever* and not over yet... Can I sack thursday/friday off and take study leave now?? Post AP Calc test selfish Not feeling to fresh today! Overtired Is the culprit I think... Been a pretty tiresome week for the both of us! We still cute tho... Haha Am I so lucky to be Gone home and to my bed Never felt so tired in my life!! I Hope He Remember That Tonight Is His Night To Cook Because I Don't Have An Ounce Of Energy In Me Seriously needs to feel better soon, I haven't got the time or the energy to be this ill My off day feel like a work day. another 20km in the bank one exam down and i feel like I've run a marathon So glad to be in bed time The closer it gets to the leaving the less motivation I have to do anything Dear umph, please come back. My brain has seriously checked out already. No! I need to finish this essay and study for my PT final tomorrow :/ EVERYTHING, especially my brain, is hurting... I'm so tired of this. Constantly lacking energy at the moment A pep talk from Derek and Friends playing on the TV when I come home is really all I need to get over that final haha I just want a day to rest if it's not work or school, it's somethin else!! Can't believe I went to sleep at work today I need to sleep now if I have any hope in getting up tomorrow to go into work When I felt things were looking up, it basically just backfired right in my face.... I honestly can't deal with this anymore I need serious early night Scared to go to sleep bc of the fact I may not wake up until this time next week.. I don't think I've ever felt as tired in my life I think I've been close to death about 10 times today I just need a really long nap Wow, really don't trust anyone! Physically, emotionally and mentally wrecked I have no energy to do anything I want MY bed now and lots of snuggles Its been a long one...#Kilt Gerrards head gone I would question taking him to World Cup How I feel right now. It's so sad when you realize you haven't been hugged for five days!!! My biggest challenge today is trying to hold my eyes open. If someone brought me a large Iced coffee right now I would love you forever It's kinda sad that knowing I'm failing math isn't even giving me the motivation to do it I have no energy whatsoever to finish off this year trueeeeee Just got home from work finally I could really go for any type of good news right about now Kinda getting sick of how my entire life is a huge schedule. My whole yr is practically planned out for me already I need to get out of my feelings man, seriously. Ugh I can't do this shit anymore. Wednesday's will be the death of me. Work then college Those sprints have killed me off No matter how hard i work, I cant catch a break I probably could fall asleep right now and sleep til tomorrow if I wanted too Can it just be Saturday so I can sleep in? On top of my planning and work this year for placement! Rarely doing work past 7pm So proud of myself doing 900 words on an assignment 3 hours ago I had no idea what I was doing. But my God, I can't go on I feel so tired all the time. I just want finals to come and go already Wanting to get out and do stuff today. Buuut.. My legs are stuck to the couch. Should I stay or should I go? The question to so many situations in my life right now... If Mama Asks, I Might As Well Be Dead I need a boost of energy or some thing Home from hospital for a while. Time for a much needed nap, followed by some work. Driving to Nova for the third effin time this week Almost 8! Im ready to be OFF To be honest past even caring now, can't be arsed anymore I totally feel you. My A&amp;P final tomorrow is so much material Today's two a day was a bad idea. Correction: running 3 miles 6 hours after a killer leg workout was a bad idea. In need of this sleep Oh that gym sesh did work It's only almost 10PM and I'm ready to knock out So..There's homework.. And then there's my comfy bed. Beckoning me to get in and dream a crazy dream. Went back to work &amp; now I been going to bed early af these past few nights ! After being in the lib for 8 hours, I think it's time to call it quits for the night I'm pretty sure all of that cleaning and packing took about 6 hours. At this point, that light at the end of the tunnel feels a lot like an oncoming train I am definitely glad I don't have to do any more partying for a while Mannn water and sun makes me so sleepy. night loves ily The lack of sleep over the past 2 nights should make for a good night of sleep tonight... As long as Brystin stays in his bed. Work be killlin me Insomnia at its worst. o.O 