yes, I am FAR too jel To all campus roller bladers: please know I forever be envious of your skill Everyone is outside having fun, in stuck studying.. still wish I was 18!!! Will be there in spirt how sad! when you get back.... The best part of of a beautiful lady is that you not viewing her with eyes of some other man. Imagine being one of those people who can eat chocolate, sweets and cake all day and never put on weight Agree. I think it has something to do with the all-black attire. It hides your attributes so well. Sad reality can't nobody not even the nigga u sleeping with heard your alarm clock probs 5 times before I left for class sitting in the IoD bar listening to two directors talking about buying Audi and Aldi love your segment on is of your locks! loving your hair segment on many people are of your thank you :) congrats jb followed you! black cars are just hot after a good wash. What a fab job you have! Laughed when I saw this Colour correction/stripper before and after - amazing results I would gladly be bald Paramore: PARAHOY! Recap: if i opened my door to hayLey i wouLdn't know how to react xD damn why am i poor?! fans take note- this is what a playoff crowd sounds like..set your DVD and take notes - LR The only qualm I have in this instance is that these guys are doing it more than I am! Which one do you like? Grey, Brorwn or Both? I respect people who grow playoff beards. dude it's 40 and pissing rain all day here. Practically burning hot as hell here and it appears to be raining cats and dogs in London. Grrrr ! Lucky you!! I'm in beautiful Oregon but something tells me I'll be just as loud! haha Have fun!! : I've always wanted hair like that More sneak peak for Envious Watch Collections...Great Mother's Day Gift! enjoy ! CTS Coach and friends taking advantage of great SoCal weather and trails! I am 100% straight but when I see a picture of shirtless I literally stop breathing and I die a little Bitches that get to go on leave, pfffft...The closest I get to a holiday is a smoke break wow lucky. It looks so beautiful My friend gets to see live tonight and I could NOT be more green! How does everyone always seem to travel everywhere all the time? Do y'all not have jobs? Let me in on your secret pls Damn... while watching Labrador Retriever PV, I keep shouting F**king Dog. I hope you are having a great time, always a favourite - strawberry margarita wow u r so smart how do u do it?!?!?! Quebec. Anthony Bourdain. Taste. No reservations. From the frozen arctic, to the 'empty quarter' to wind tunnels and submerged cars :) all ways a top gig enjoy wow that's so cool! that you're bilingual! I want the kind of friendship and camaraderie that the wolfpack in the Hangover movies has... Who is going to see My boss is going to get himself an Aston Martin Vantage. Used. sum a dem pussy ya nu loyal badmind inna dem blood sum a dem pussy ya user go look yo mumma fi go use pussies Wish I was the lucky bastard who scooped 72 million on euros tonight after all that you probably didn't have room for any hot sauce. :-) Is it sad that I'm angry because has got World Cup 2014 panini sticker number one and I haven't???! Wow, that looks delicious! I've never had bread with blueberries (fyi: my favorite berry OR fruit) in it. Geez he's bulked up hasn't he? That's how you DUNK a basketball... Damn! Saw a couple wearing Jordan retro 11 omg !! the girl was wearing the red and black one !!! Today 4 us Stellanbosh to CapeTown to Johannesburg to Sydney to Melbourne. Safe travels to delegates continuing. Thankyou X This is the cutest ever. To get it caught on film. I would wait till I was 80 if I had to. So sweet OMG ! You are enjoying the breeze of heavens. :D Loved my nails recently!! Lime sorbet and Hawaii hibiscus Roast is my favourite place for breakfast try and get a table outside! It does look very beautiful Daisy. A grassy knoll worth rolling in you b soooo farigh :'( tweeting all the time I'm dying. How hot does Khloe look though!? us Aussies wished we could have flown over for it yeah!!! they were near BIG-BEN n LONDON EYE bt i couldn't find them:-X :'( Safe voyage to &amp; sugarfree_16 Love you guys!! People with their own cameras don't know how fortunate they are. It will be EVENTFUL!! Do enjoy. CoE celebrates 20 yrs of has had women priests for over 80 years now - but not once a celebration like this! I don't gush normally over "celebrities" but meeting &amp; Tony Robinson would have been very special. The worst thing about seeing others grow up is watching them become drop dead gorgeous... Don't be of people, be by them. Surround yourself with successful people &amp; All in ya business .. nice here in Charleston too. Wish I was at a game. I wish I had your clairvoyant abilities. oh! where did you get to meet the players? I love the new tasting room &amp; what a great match! Enjoy &amp; report back! For real gay dudes have harder and more aesthetic bodies I wish I had friends like the people my mom and dad have. They can tell so many stories that just show their friendship... You ....that avi! My goodness! There is a man out there that counts his blessings every damn day. U KIDDING RIGHT!???!!! PEWDS TAKE ME THEREEEEEEE D: Going to Japan in 4 days :o" Best wishes teams, staff, fans. Fabulous day sounds like a great snugplace :o Wake up! Yeah its really over! taylor swift has a beauttttttiful voice. Blake Lively was perfect in high school (all while filming the sisterhood junior year) oh really! is he in NZ or you in Sydney? Ahhh... Well, I'm just here, in my apt., preparing for tomorrow's work day, which will NOT be spent at the beach ;-) Oh, so so so much better than what I cooked for dinner tonight... One of my goals this summer is to have a snap chat score as high as you've moved out for like one night and are already referring to your house as your parents! Hope all those fortunate to get today off work are making the most of it! damn i missed out.. xxx Conners literally to rich for my life What is everyone doing with their Slaving away at work or out enjoying some fresh air? Someone's unboxing his new laptop. Beth,I think you're the luckiest woman in the world to have such a for a partner I've been listening to them for non stop all week. Wonder why it never happened in my life Food doesn't matter in that company! Now my little bro is showing off! My little brother is the play off game! gowns all over equals an evening full of fashion lust Woman crush monday-sunday Jessie James he was very nice when I met him wish there were more single available men like him Hahaha, I already knew, saw it on a Lost DVD :P I gotta say I wish I had eyelashes like that Stephanie Tran looks good in everything. n I'm stuck with a buncha Rezzy lol waaaaah! Have a great time! While Kendall Jenner enjoys her night at the Met Gala.. im stuck here studying.. Reason why I always wish to live in US. U always got the chance to see him anywhere u go. Why can't I be as studious as Got a free screening for The Amazing Spider-Man 2. can't believe it hit 91M on opening. Rihanna and Blake Lively look perfect at the Blake Lively always looks effortlessly gorgeous Goodluck on your first concert experience! hahaha! Lovely day in West Sussex - roll on the summer Take him a boneo or something when you collect him after all you had CAKE The abs of viuehara :3 lol Blake Lively looked absolutely gorgeous in at the last night! I hate you issy, you're absolutely way too beautiful :( Can't wait for these shirts to get here Japanese classmate makes the look easy. Watching the always sweet do a show on and rocking of her Yeah so Sorry I'm not happy for you! Cause I don't have one. Sad - is in Copenhagen and I can't be there Terrific!! Lots of great culture, not to mention RWA chaps. I wish my exams were done, and I could be carefree in the courtyard like Sometimes I really question why I live in the US.. So many cool places in the world. Watching the kite surfers at lake Hefner. I've just been mumbling a lot of "this is stupid" "I'm sick of this" and "I don't care" Why am I only realizing now how good of a fashion sense Blake Lively has? ah you're the game! Where was my invite? Enjoy!!! you've got a contagious smile Deb! Made me smile! Looks like you are all having fun! Cheers! Just another whatever selfie my fag looks cute wand carefree in this photo Love your headboard more than anything! There's a special place in my heart for sloths... I mean, just look at them! Even better! All that and you get the day off. Obsessing over these fitgirl instagrams rn, ugh! Lucky Aussies !!! They will have Rob in June!!!!! looks stunning guys, good luck! :-) All the Leicester players are off for a free holiday to Thailand oh what lives footballers live no boot camp this Saturday Wortho? sounds like a grand time. The views on the drive over to never fail to make me smile when the sun is out like today. Lots of cyclists out too Plenty to admire about He owns a stack of horses and a super league club bonnaroo is going to be so tight. I cannot fuckin wait. Had to go Mark seems Justice and the right of law in working order something our politicians should aspire 2 Blessed are those that marry their first love Saw her twice in 2012. You won't be disappointed! Boys have an easy life. All they have to do is talk about sports and they are best friends just watching last nights awards. How'd you keep it together? In tears watching this! Great job! I don't hate gay ppl because they're gay, I hate them because they're so fucking happy, and I'm not coming off lil mad but hey it is what it is Wish BBC would do streaming coverage here are you bulletproof style with butter and coconut oil? How bout your recipe... You impress me Sir with your amazing vintage website stocked to the max! xx Nearly all those complaining about GPA bragging probably did horrible this semester. u don't even need make up! I know they are one of your most hated. I wish I could find something to send me to sleep! x "Have to go back to the gym, looks fab chloe I wish that was my head down there. Absolutely Loving Nadia goes To Hollywood such stunning woman:) A Narcissistic PM &amp; Minister Is often of others or believes that others are envious of him (#LPC Bradley Beal jump shot is absolutely perfect. I can't imagine, what must be going through the minds of those, who are about to become the next Pittsburgh Steeler. you have a great job too man. 