5 hours later and 106 terms/people i am done with APUSH review! :D Halfway through the week &amp; tomorrow's a holiday! \o/ Just walked out of of business for potentially the last time ever. So many emotions that was so hard but hopefully everything is sorted and gonna work out I sense a punching bag in my future...#frustrated but all these still lead to it feels a lot later Hope I can stay awake to watch tonight. It's been a long day; Wen's not feeling well. Cannot wait for the weekend. This week has been manic! Let the house at 8am, only just got in! but got to go back out at 23:30 to pick up friends from the airport! I feel like I need a solid week to catch up on sleep. Just won a 2 and a half hour match. 'I love that point when you are so tired that everything is funny.' I'm so I swear... Off to do some service... Nothing like working for free I learned a lot about chaperoning this field trip today. Mainly that I don't want any kids anytime soon I've been waiting for the shower for 45 minutes, 3 people later and I'm still not in I'll be sure you be sleeping by 9 tonight Exactly 12 Hours of sitting down brading hair. thats hw we Africans dos Yeah, I was about to put the bag of cheese in the microwave. Ready for 6:30 to get here ..this ten hour shift has to come to an end soon!!! I Now Have To Study For My U.S History Assessment ... That's Tomorrow But Its For Me Cus I'm All I want is a milkshake and my bed right now. I just want to sleep. Not go to work. Cannot wait for Friday been a challenging week! It's only 5h30 and I'm ready for dodo's... The wife keeps making noise all night,keeping me up Reckon I'll get home tomorrow and just conk. For about 10 years. I just want to sleep for a good few weeks and then I'll be happy You don't realize how much stuff you actually have in your dorm until you try and remove it all. Breaking in Italian leather lazy teenager style Forgotten to eat tea and afraid may fall asleep on laptop... What a busy week at work! Still one more day to go. This is how I feel right now... I just wanna sleep the rest of the night not work School almost done...yay...just finished this major project...yay...doing laundry. ..finally... me Signed up for my 1st class this weekend. Feeling like a broken down right now. I could use a nap right now all you need is sleep, sleep . sleep is all you need. 2 naps in one day. I just wana get high and jam to some chili peppers and zeppelin Going straight from weights to lifeguarding class is quite possibly the worst thing in the world. How amI supposed 2 c 1 of my closest friends before they leave Saturday when I have work early every morning ;( Kevin told me to go to sleep, I think I'll listen for once i slept really early yesterday 3a asaas i wake up early and work .. i ended up sleeping 11 hours lol Just got home from work Wish my truck was Bumblebee and drive me home. After being awake for 29 hours I am What a magical and eventful day/night it was! Now time for a goodnight sleep Been cutting hair since 2:30pm and just shut the clippers off Finally home after leaving my house at 6 am 2nd day of clincals =done, 2 scholarship essays=done, shower=done, sleep=please come soon youre in high demand I used to like Thursdays, and then they became 17 hours straight days. Worked a 7 and a half hour shift tonight after a full day of school. K Literally just got home from work Have not slept since 10 AM yesterday. Really, what's sleep? Cause this week I barely know Well, at least it's Friday! The 3rd game seven just completed. Can't wait for the weekend. I need me time already; this week has been insane After today, I need a cup of relaxation. I have no energy to keep putting up with the same shit 10 hours of working on CSE project What a fantastic day today! Now time for bed Off to bed I go So glad I dont have to stay up or wake up early the sun wore me out lol Its been a great day and all but holy shit, am I ever glad to be home! Fuck.. I don't think that I've ever struggled as much as I am right now trying to finish this paper. I don't wish these nights on anyone Don't got lots of energy to go to work after hitiing the gym. Give me a break life!!! supposed to be in the house next month? Ask much as I would like to get on it tonight I'll have to be a wetty and bail It's 10 o'clock and I'm border line of passing out Can't... Make.. Anymore... Pom-poms!! Pinterest made me do it... I'll probably be lacking sleep by tuesday Excuse me while I sleep forever. All I want is a blanket and pillow right now I fell asleep while doing my English homework. Thank god for the long weekend I can't even go to sleep because my dog won't shut the hell up. Its going to be a good feeling when this op manual is done. Draft done time for editing. I'm so stressed about my finals tomorrow I can't even sleep The first thought I had this morning was how much I'm looking forward to being back in bed tonight... At this rate ill probs collapse and go to sleep tomorrow night at 9pm. Insomniac nights.. Now that's the shit I don't like. Finally off work and im glad its now Friday. So ready to see and this Sunday! Wow today :( but so much to do! I feel like I haven't slept AT ALL I don't like being so tired that I can't sleep... Just now got my project and portfolio done. Dont want to get up !! Could sleep for days If I could choose a day to skip school it would be tomorrow Thank God It's Friday!!! Needs a drink haha A hot bubble bath, smooth legs, &amp; clean sheets...nothing better after this long day. Hello Bank Holiday weekend, you couldn't have arrived at a better time Really cranked up the cardio this week. Hope I see the results next time I step on my scale or im going to be discouraged My brain is so mushy. I know it. Been up for a solid 22 hours Been movin shit out of motown since 10 a.m. and still not even home. Tues = 430am; Wed = 1am; Tonight I'm done early (with work)...done 10mins before 12am. Washed my face. Time for bed Photo: Washed my face. Time for bed Leaving in two hours for Florida, probably should just stay up I have finished 3 finals all I need is two more and I'll be done! Calling it quits for the night. Praying that I pass these exams. 3am start Let's get this over with. McDonald's) Night two of three done, now get me in my bed!!! oh that's not good amazingly I slept like a log! I seriously need to get some sleep! Oh you know... Just chipping away at organic The things I do for my boyfriend he better be grateful! Decided to take my shoes off School - thank god it's Friday. . sick of getting up early! i need sleep:( Can I please just go to bed now... I am gonna die now arrrghhhhh Couch bound all day...and yet no plans on getting off...back hurts....yet...nope Fell asleep in me clothes. I feel like I walked all day, great exercise but I am exhausted, After many many strenuous hours, my 12 page paper is finally done! What is it going to take for me to get out of bed before 10am to go gym? Finally have time to sleep.. Have never been so happy for it to be Friday. The fact that I am just now heading to bed while my roommate has been in bed for the last 5 hours makes me hate myself! Today has been hell. I didn't get to eat and I didn't get to relax at all for 23 hours. Those extra three minutes in bed were definitiely worth the run to the bus Tech week is wearing me down I really can't deal with life right now. I need a break. Tomorrow is not going to be friendly to me Can't wait to get home One of those days, when you are too physically and mentally exhausted to do anything. Save to say I'm losing it Nothing like not being able to stay asleep when you have an emotional overload day the next day/today! Just getting home since I left for school this morning :( School is going to be a joke tomorrow, haha School is going to be a joke tomorrow, haha Praying I actually wake up on time tomorrow. I still wait up... Just in case Life of Martha Co-oh shoot, i meant HSM performance 1 Thought the night calls from my 1 year old were over. Clearly not After being up for 24 hours it's finally time for bed. I was only allowed to sleep between 10pm and 2am... This sucks I just wanna sleep... It would be nice to sleep, but apparently it's not going to happen. Because who needs sleep? Four hours or less for a week now. I don't like eating late anymore . I have to wait for at least 30 mins to an hour before I could sleep . this new kitty takes up all of my time, I don't even have time for a meal SLEEP MODE... at Holiday Inn Mission Valley Stadium I have to wake up do my hair for the dance assemblies and still pack some shit for NorCal ughhh Can i just fall asleep now? Lunch then 2 more hours of work Smoke a cigarette then going to bed I fell to sleep and I didn't even know it. Smh Taking a QUICK nap at a red light... 20 minutes on the stepper...30 minutes on the treadmill...20 minutes on the elliptical All night writing sessions makes me question why I thought another degree was a good idea. I finally completed my formal wear. Dang it. I slept. Mostly. All night. But feel like I'm lacking in a full overnight charge. I feel like I ain't been to sleep in days Early morning traffic report in Houston. None. Good time to head to work... or in our case the team hotel. Sooooo it's 4:30, and I'm just now getting to bed. But I'm officially done studying, and I'm ready for my last exam. Shooting finished. And im exhausted. What i only need is big ol' sleep Honestly cannot wait for this week to be over It's 1:30 am can't we get on the bus yet...? Disadvantages of writing papers: no motivation to study for exams. I can't breathe through my nose, my throat hurts, and I can't get comfortable. I just want sleep! So much work to do but I don't want to start haven't slept in over 24 hours and I have 16 more hours of travel ahead of me. I want to go home so bad I havent been able to go to sleep been wanting to follow me for a long time now and i have exams next week. I hate how stressful this past week has been I just wish finals were over with so I could relax and not worry so much I need sleep but i also cant untill i see follow me. I got exams to worry about but cant focus until she does I need sleep but i also cant untill i see follow me. I got exams to worry about but cant focus until she does I want my head to clear up, but it just seems to continually get cloudier. I need sleep but i also cant untill i see follow me. I got exams to worry about but cant focus until she does The big move is almost done 14 hours and 10 pages later, my paper is complete Home sweet home! Now time for bed..22 hours is too long to be awake After a day of shooting &amp; mudding I think it's time to lay down with Puss can't wait to fish Just typed a 5,000 word paper in 2 hours Came in to work at 5 only to realize the people I was supposed to work with can't get off shift "Hating you is the most exhausting." Just got home from a 10 hour shift at work Got a good taste of what it's like to have a baby last night (and I'm never having a baby ) up every two hours with my doggie. Just want to crawl back into bed Going into work an hour later would be really cool if I had actually slept that extra hour I had to sleep... Trying to speed around to get everything done and my body isnt playing ball Friendship bracelet making is hard work Slept, but unfortunately only for 30 minutes because I have to go back to work. You know you're tired when you fall asleep with your jacket on and wake up the next morning with it still on... Espresso...you shall be my best friend this morning. Running on 2hrs of sleep. Yesterday borong buku rujukan. Low Price. Your kid wakes ungodly hour &amp; u get them back 2 sleep but ur left staring the ceiling. 30 book reviews, a grammar test a MASSIVE booklet on phonics and finally I'm DONE! You don't know pure bliss until you crawl into bed after a nine and a half hour senate meeting. Lol One thing I know for sure: when the afternoon comes, I'm gonna take the best nap in the whole world. I just rode the elevator up one floor So apparently a "safe place" doesn't exist. We've all had a biiiiiiggggg week! going to be an even day! It's 5:50 in the morning and I'm still up. My roommate and I pulled an all nighter for no reason. - just landed in Miami. Won't get to hotel for likely an hour and still have to wait for bags. I feel you. my poor toes :( damn heels! Still we did good today considering we been burning the candle at both ends! xxx Could fall asleep stuck in this traffic! So sleepy, don't feel like working. Can't wait to get home and knock out!!! ... Today's Friday never been so happy Time check: 3:00am, just got home from La Mirage Night club. Had fun with the gurls... I passed out when I got home Wish DEMERIA Let Mommy Get A Couple More Hours Of Sleep. I'm the lone wolf roaming the halls of the comm. building at 5am I was literally at school for 16 hours today, feels so good to be home. IT'S OVERRRERRR!!!!! UNI work finally done! My bed will be calling my name after my last class today Don't know if I'll be able to stay awake for the whole day It's only 8pm and I'm dozing off. What is this?! Literally got 3 hours of sleep. Now have to work straight till 7pm Fantastic exhibition over the past three days. Cannot believe I've been working since Saturday Can't believe I can finally relate to normal people with normal jobs when they call Wednesday "hump day" this has been the longest weeek Can't I just stay in my bed forever Glad to be back in Is it just me or have eWay really tightened up the application process. Making me jump through hoops for a client at the moment. Well today is gonna suck Please please please can today be better then yesterday please please lord Ive decided I dont like thinking... this is probably why the rest of the world doesnt do it either. Just gotta keep telling myself that I can sleep in the next three day I don't know how I'm going to make it through this shift so can I just bring my bed to school today? I NEED sleep. Thank God I get off at 2pm today. Works been draining me that I actually haven't woken up in the middle of the night at all this week. I never really get more than a few hrs sleep when I have to wake up at 5:45 and babysit at 7. Today might actually be the day from hell Actually draining to give this much of a shit when it's not considered. I was pretty much bummin' it all week and today that isnt changing. I need a massage . Almost 10 boxes ng kojic ung binalot nmen My current energy level? About a negative 7.. Can't believe we pulled an all nighter, only going home now. Good night This kid is making a coffee run this morning. Wish I could sleep in today! Thank god it's finally Friday, I just need to sit and relax. can I just stay in my car and sleep? Regretting staying up so late chilling with I'm ready to go back to sleep. I'm going to get up now and promise myself I'll be back in bed by 3 Thank god today is Friday. I don't know what I would do if it wasn't... I'm really sick of getting up for school!!! This is the time of morning that I am certifiably insane. 7 hours and 15 pages later I'm finally done with my paper Uber after being at the for running on 4 hours of sleep One more day, juuuust one. more. day. The day barely started and I already can't wait to be back in my bed Arrived Miri. Tomorrow to Lg San AGAIN .. My holiday well spent in car, on the road, lg san &amp; miri .. This is exactly why I don't stay up until 2 in the morning Soooo glad it is Fri! What a busy week. Prepared to walk the shit out of the mile So much to do and so little motivation to do it Today would've been much easier if the Bruins had pulled off the win last night Wayyy too tired to be up this early. Let's hope the day goes by fast! Pretty much the whole morning was taken up by doing tests So excited to sleep in the car I don't understand how people can stay up all night Kept my to to go to but made for a fantastic start to From the city back to the city of Paterson I will be asleep at 3:30 this afternoon So glad it's a half a day of work today, which means mapping afterwards. doesn't even come close as to describing how i am lol I think i have put more energy in making this relationship work then in anything else in my life. currently awake, very sore, &amp; very cranky. Might have to just nap in my car during lunch today Moving offices is sooo much effort Did anyone just say "I don't need to go to school today" b/c ur so tired from the play! Really went to bed at 8 last night. Woke up at 11 and had tea. Then went back to bed....my life lately all these late nights are starting to catch up with me How am I ever going to get through today? Haven't been to sleep yet...thought Id catch up on twitter... I would give anything just to sleep a little longer today I go to school &amp; have a full time job &amp; try to stick the gym in on them days.. god Idk how I'm alive While I appreciate the diversity of my new found sleep schedule, waking up every 2 hours has to go. Try having a hangover caused by books I think I've completely forgotten what it feels like to get a decent amount of sleep at night Woke up early to study but just can't get out of bed I'm too tired for this shit This is my first successful all nighter face. and I are riding the struggle bus today. 4 hours and then I'm off for two and a half days! So sick of only getting a maximum of 5 hours of sleep every night Why oh why won't you sleep through the night anymore T... Exam 1 at 830 and I can't get myself outta bed Sleeping in this weekend because I still have to catch up from prom I'm just going to warn everyone.. I wouldn't try messing with anyone that is on the track team today... So tired....wish I could skip my last weeks of school lol Debating on if I should wear sweatpants to school today!? Got NO sleep. I'm so tired of nightmares. Friday morning coffee purchased to wake up my brain - still waiting for it to kick in. Holy fuck me im tired...damn bruins game....zombie mode activated Being on campus this early on a Friday should be illegal eyes literally will not open Today's gonna be a rough day Uhh I just need a good night's sleep Going to work at 6 and getting home at 8 gets old fast Not the brightest idea to stay up past midnight doing weights the night before I work a full shift. Pulling a Thor after I finished my first cup of coffee for the day. My house is so long I jogged from the other end of the house to my room. I don't really know if we can call what I did last night sleeping This Mommy is exhausted! Somehow my kids didn't get the memo that sleep is good. I've been so busy today. Shopping at went to Kmart &amp; Target. Coles then home for a bbq and I just got back from grocery shopping First week of working full time and it will def be my last.. I'm ready for a nap Looks like I'm going to have to drug myself in order to get any sleep Wow, if there was ever a day I didn't want to get out of bed, today would be that day. Why did I picked tutoring at 10 when I have my first class at 3!? I've gone through this entire semester with not one of my 8am classes cancelled. WHY? I'm not feeling this whole being awake thing today. What did i say.. Up at the crack of dawn waiting for the toilet ppl fuuuuck Struggling to get out of bed this morning and I'm a morning person. Oh hi bed I'm sorry I left you this morning, life got in the way; but I'm back and I'm here to stay. I love you! Its one of those days where my sole mission is to get through classes, go home and take a nap touches new high then falls back to where it started. If HUGE cant propel stocks to new highs and Oh I wish I was back in bed. Who needs an alarm when I have someone mowing the lawn right outside my window? Best part of busting my ass and being on call for 8 days...late in &amp; early out Friday. i need a nap asap Must have slept well over 12 hours last night! I feel like midmorning naps are both acceptable and necessary at this point. There's just not enough coffee in the world today... Chicken day with my family... Tek kee noodle house,usj 9 JGH :D from testing my patience in a store :o I would do just about anything to still be in bed right now The fact that I'm not gonna get home until midnight to finally be able to sleep gives me no hope for today 3 exams down, two more and half a project to go. But for the rest of today, I'm hanging out with my couch and Netflix. Ill have to pass on watching the playoffs this weekend It's gonna be a long day a caffeine injection would nice right about now!! This car ride is literally going to put me to sleep It's gonna be a long drive home It's one of those "get out of my way or I will punch you in the face becuase you are stupid" kinda days. just woke up.. already done with today Already excited for my afternoon nap Its one of those days where I am so tired I almost fall asleep in the shower I am never doing Good Morning Mentions again............ oh lorddd *sigh* Philip giving his feet a quick rest It's going to be one of THOSE days. Def staying in my bed until it's time for work If someone could bring me coffee that would be great. As much as I love talking to him on the phone I shouldn't have stayed up til 12 am when I have a final and 8 am I arrived home from holiday I went to Greece took 2 hours to get home Nobody bother talking to me today because i got four hours of sleep... Gah, can I puhhhleeaaaseeeee not have to work today and tomorrow?! So tired I missed my train stop tired ..Yeah THAT tired When im done with school im probably gunna sleep till about mid july I need another coffee ASAP! Two hours of uni work straight, 1000 words down, time for lunch. If I am about ready to fall asleep on the shuttle class ought to be a fun time to stay awake It would be nice if I could get some sleep every now and then.. Ran around blue hills this morning with the team If there was a surgery to remove a persons negative emotions that would be fucking awesome. Alyssa and I have had little to zeros sleep the past 5 nights because my pig is basically refusing to have her damn baby pigs. Glad to be home and in bed, need a nap before I start socialising And I scrub &amp; come to realize its just dark circles under my eyes. Lol Don't know how I'm going to function today Can call in to work for me,? hi guys tired :( : Tired is an understatement right now The flu is kicking my ass +20 yesterday &amp; +5 today. My body does not handle this vast change in temperature well at all All aboard the struggle bus Days like today im glad i have late start Need someone to come look after me and make me food I'm almost positive I could sleep for an entire week. Can't wait to be home from work. Day 5 of double shifts ... Ready to collapse Three exams this today and then I'm sleeping the rest of the weekend. How did intending to leave Jerusalem at 2pm turn into getting home at 5pm? Getting weird looks cause I'm sleeping on the floor of Davison. I don't know when I'll wake up, but when I do, I'll just fall back asleep. The last 3 days have been a very good reminder of why I don't work in an office anymore Just 5 more days of work, &amp; then I finally get my days off I am in desperate need of a vacation. Just got home from SB Araneta and UP-Ayala Technohub. What a day. Reena's Dreamland ) In need of some Starbucks. holy shart finals week about killed me Join Ben Brown from Viridian the 14th May for a FREE seminar on 3 finals on Monday &amp; 1 on Tuesday. Jesus I need you to carry me. Resting in Isaiah 40:29 Boy I've had one of those blood-sucked out of me days! dealing with demands Sorry friends, I have to go to bed .. Take care Gnite -_- Just finished Ab ripper X whew I don't feel alive right now No kids from 830-330 , I'm gonna be sleeping Finally back home in Cape Breton; flew in at 9 am, running on two hours of sleep, fighting to stay awake in school. Join Ben Brown from 14th May for a FREE seminar on I may be spreading myself a little to thin! I've had three people ask to take my shifts today- turned them all down. I must really need that money. Honestly, it took everything I have to get out of bed and goto Pilates this morning. once I get done with my test at 11, if it doesn't involve: sleep, food, or netflix.. I'm probably not interested in it. Went through every emotion in the book yesterday. tossed me turned all night &amp; have an 8 hour shift ... almost done with 64 hours of my 82 hour work week. The first day I'm home I go for a run and get told I'm going to the ranch before the sun goes down 68 hour week at work.. Thankgod it's Not going to school was a good decision Think there is a strong possibility of taking a nap during second period. I just want to sleep! So sleepy I can barely hold my eyes open, and I have no idea why Do I have to go to work today? I might pass out in the middle of this final I can't believe I slept from 6pm yesterday to 8am today If I could choose a superpower, I'd chose to be able to control time to freeze it so I could sleep more Well. Here it goes... It's going be a long dragging ass of a day at work today. beyond stressed. I just feel like crying. Had to give in and nap this afternoon. The holidays broke me. My job is the equivalent of having three (plus) small children. Gym and early night it is tonight I have a whole month free starting mid-May. Kind of looking forward to the break though. Here's an idea, let's have nap time in every class today! I feel no beuno today. With three hours of sleep I'm stuck between crying and screaming . Phew! Thank crunchie it's Friday Total hours of sleep in the last 48 hours = 6 One more week then school is over babe!! Just pulled an all-nighter in order to get a paper done. Cannot wait till 8pm tonight -- officially the weekend!! I can barely keep my eyes open it actually like hurts to keep my eyes open right now. You tell them Martn! Sooooo happy it's Friday! Never again will I take the I really hope today goes by quick. Good thing I'm basically falling asleep in School and I live so far away so I cant sleep right away I'm still in bed, but I'm counting down the minutes until I can nap. That workout has taken everything out of me This is how I feel about studying for finals. Not in the mood to get outta bed to go to this training session I feel like i could sleep for a month Never needed a long weekend so much in my life Far too sleepy to be doing work right now Early finish from work and I'm going straight to bed Contemplating taking a nappyboy on central campus Waking up at 5:30am is not the bizznizz can I just go back to bed????? it's come to our attention the link/picture is requires as well as hashtag. Wait...someone help me function so I can make it through the rest of the semester I have a dream that one day I will go to school and not run around like a chicken with my head cut off 30 minutes of me just knocked tf out the director from walking dead just came up to me and asked if I wanted to appear in an episode Running on only two hours of sleep Can I just sleep all day. That week almost killed me Double shot of espresso...let's do this! Lol I just want my bed.. House 0 Lydia 1. The war has been won. If somebody could drop me in a few cans of into the library then I'd be highly appreciative! So tired that I now feel drunk ... worst bit is I cant sleep!! Full day spent bra shopping! Just stepped into my house feeling like death. May need I power nap before emails. coffee is the only thing keeping me going recently a full day of mocks n now I'm sat revising my arse off If someone could put me to bed and wake me up on Sunday I would be grateful.... I have such a headache.. I need to start getting more sleep. This gym workout kicking my ass right now smh Only a few hours for Please Havent posted food picks as shops is a nightmare let me just catch a taxi den home queues is lonnnnnnnnnng Only a few hours for Please Havent posted food picks as If only we have 48 hours a day Triathalon training done... now in pjs ready for an evening on the sofa :) Need a foot massage after today Yes. Another Bank Holiday weekend is exactly what we need I could sleep all day today and be completely okay with it Extremely happy that I don't have anymore classes this semester after my next class SOMEONE WORK FOR ME TONIGHT. I'd love you forever Should not have got into bed... Can't move now My brain decided that 4am was a good time to think about everything I don't want to think about. Took a final, unbunked the beds, packed up my entire room and moved it to my car all by myself and now another final tis' been one of those monster weeks. What the hell.. I can't sleep bc I'm having the most weirdest, scariest nightmares ever working full time closing shifts and attempting to get ready for finals might kill me. Been sleeping all day &amp; I'm drink shattered After last night , going out is not happening tonight So excited for my lunch date with and for a date with my couch this afternoon! Tired is an understatement need a decent sleep (-.-)zzZZ I'm going to sleep so much tomorrow: probably until 8am ;-) haven't stopped in weeks, headed home to Ugh my whole damn body just aches Someone pass me the chocolate milk: that training session hurt like a truck. Definitely going home and taking a nap a after this doctor appointment. My eyes feel so heavy like I've been crying... Slept 11 hours and I could probably go back to bed for another solid 5 hours. Spent almost 3 hours in the gym today. ugh. Longest week ever. So glad it's bank holiday weekend. This is how I feel right now! that just the thought of doing them, makes me 4 buses, 3 trains, 2 car journeys, 2 lectures and a school visit later I'm home Music is indeed capturing... went to rehearsals for an hour, ended up being there for 3hrs. Exactly how I feel now dissertation is done! Chilled night in is what I need Recovering from a operation is the worst thing ever, think ive slept 4 days straight 3 hours of sleep last night. Pulling a 7-7 today. This not having a day off thing is getting really old. I haven't slept in 30 hours So grateful for a day off It should be illegal to have a full day of work when a show opens that same night! just want to go home and sleep in my own room, with my own bed all by myself =( Month end close is kicking my ass today Literally, last night killed me So glad that this week is over! I'm glad that week of work is over. It's over with no fatalities or kicks to people's faces! I woke up at 1pm and I honestly thought it had to be 8am. Can't wait to just watch Gogglebox and go to sleep. I have no power left.. ExpressCare to get these antibiotics and then sleeping until 7:30. No joke. At least I got a nice walk in this morning! Can't believe I forgot campus was closed today. just had a monstrous 5 min revision sesh Test done. Now I just need to survive until work tomorrow and I'll be good. freundschaftssocken waren die tollste Idee I think my boyfriend needs to bring me Starbucks.... 4 more official days of school left. Thank you lord. Rode to work this morning. 20km. 1 hr. Up hill and against the wind. Totally So tried after shopping in the city but brought a new top I don't think I've ever tweeted this much in my life This week hasn't been good at all. Pretty sure I could sleep for another 3 hours Blue eye kind of day. I could sleep for a week Nap time has called me out of class early As soon as I get home I'm going to bed. Absolutely thrilled that week is over Need this shift to hurry up and end! I don't know if I want to party tonight after work, or passout. This weekend is going to be busier than busy. Falling asleep at the salon under this hair dryer yo... This weekend is much needed after this past week. I think I'm to old for exam week!!! I love family gatherings.. but I'm deeead tireeed.. Took advantage of the 10 minutes to close my eyes in physics Done overtime everyday this week Finally Friday. School all week is too much. homyy!! goodnight baby haha :* Finally finishing work bring on the long weekend!!! 2 hours left of work then its naptime for this girl cart golf vs. walking 18 holes.. there is a difference Playing soccer, volleyball and jumping on the trampoline with my mom and sister. What a day. longest week ever, I'm fucked... Could fall asleep right now Nap time until I have to go into work Last day if student teaching and the first thing I am going to do after school. Take a nap. Praying today goes by fast.. One more supervision til the weekend Having work and school on the same day is starting to take it's toll one. I just want to sleep I'm seriously so tired and I still have clinicals and go over to Josh's house to clean his dad's truck with him... Can I just sleep all day instead of going to work? Glass of wine, bubble bath, face mask &amp; an early night! Writing for the WHOLE day About to knock out on this love sac in Harper My modeling comp is today and I can barely keep my eyes open...great. Day six of work and 60 hours in and I'm ready for my day off. One day weekend here I come My feet are FREEZZING right now. I need a nap.....like a 12 hour nap This little girl is a never ending tornado in this ginormous house Well what a week. Great fun though Hands down worst day of work in my entire life If I didn't have work I would probably sleep for 10 more hours idek Two finals down and one more to go today...so close to napping I can't stand it! 1st grader's: 1. This guy: 0. I need a nap. no he floats up to the top i think he will die Wats the best way to kill laziness, especially after ofc, any suggestions? I've been engaging in discussions and answering questions surrounding The Amazing 2 all morning. Today was a good day. 7 hours driving in the desert It's 3 pm and I'm ready for bed. After work tonight I'm just going to pass out Literally need caffeine or I'm gonna die hahahaha This nap is about to be the best thing that's happened all day Been going to sleep at 4AM and waking up at 7AM Tonight is definitely gonna be a movie night You know you're having a rough day when you turn on the Katy Perry movie and cry Knowing you cant go to sleep when its light outside, so you pull the covers up... Totally ready.. to... drop... pain Oh wow its been a rough day Praying for a second wind this afternoon.. Post diversity day mirror selfie If i don't manage to sleep again correctly, i'll collapse soon &amp; look like a zombie next sunday at the 's show in Paris.. If I've ever needed a vacation in my life, now is the time. Sheesh Finally getting in the shower I feel as if I took my last final today and Summer has officially started. But in reality, I've only taken 2 out of 6 of them... I hadnt realized how tired i was until now.. Glad its friday though! Spent the last few days playing tourist w/ my mom who was visiting. Naturally it had to be the two hottest days in LA. Took my kids to work today and they wore me out, now I have to take them to the Chapman Carnival.... I'm ready for my bed, hot chocolate &amp; cuddles I didn't have my pre practice iced tea. No one talk to me. I really just need a nap Read up on tonight, the team face a tougher journey the further south they get! is like that! ready for bed at this time! student life is killing me off! I. Want. A. Damn. Nap. Can we just go back to kindergarten where naps were mandatory?! I might have to have a nap before bedtime.. How come smokers get 26728393 breaks a day?! these 15 hour shifts are killing me Insomnia is getting the best of me. Haven't slept all week and I have ZERO motivation. It's Saturday. 5:25am. The seventh day in a row I've worked. With only 6 hours sleep. Still 5 hours to go This week has been my dead week. Glad to finally be done with it! Collapsed after an amazing day at ! I yawned so much that like I'm literally crying. After last night I need like a 10 hour nap. Can it be 7:15 now so I can go home?? One of those days where ya just can't muster up the energy to do anything Too much emotional investment in this project. Too many highs and lows today. Got a grumpy man cuz the baby is grumpy and teething! I've not slept in a week!! Help ! SO, three hours of hip hop and jazz dance rehearsal + one hour of running while it's raining. I can feel the smallest bone I have Don't wanna go to work today:( At this point... I just give up. Where's my flag? I'm going to sleep till Monday. I'm so done with school at this point When you're one page away from summer break I should not have agreed to babysit tonight. would probably be more efficient studying if i didn't get five hours of drunk-sleep last night Definitely deserve these 2 tonight after the couple days I've had I am just tired of all the stress.. just want to stop the world from spinning for a minute and just breathe... I somehow managed to stay awake for 18 hours yesterday (lots of tea and soda) and I'm paying for it today I wish people realized how stressful it is to plan prom All I want to do is go home and sleep An idiot abroad three. Night in sorted. and tomorrow I'm canoeing, climbing, absailing AND canyoning! Want so badly to go to bed but I have so much to do i really just want this day to be over Hate it when people say "thank god its friday" when they havent got a job! They will never understand hahaha A six to ten shift sounds terrible. Even if it is only four hours. lol at our lives. Sitting in bed alllll day long. Is it 6 to 8 weeks yet? I feel like a dementor sucked out my soul this week. Two days of inventory and packing. I've never worked so hard at work like I did today. It's been a long day.. Sometimes a glass of wine just doesn't cut it, gotta be bubbly I basically did 3 days of school work in 1 day. Call me boss. I need about 12 hours of sleep! Pretty sure I've been in nestin mode for the last 2 hours. I've cleaned this back room (bd, bath, closet) spotless. A long shower and my bed are calling my name! I'm bout to ok one last time soon I probably need to sleep for 10 days straight to actually catch up and not be tired for once Up at 5am, 14 cases done by noon, lunch with a friend, hospital visit to see sick inlaws, on to a baseball game I go to bed so early these days it's ridic Today we managed to do 1/2 a day of school, get haircuts, wash and detail the van, and clean the main living area of the house. one job down, one to go Can today just be over already? If you thought having around 5 hours of sleep is exhausting try that and eating a whole meal at Melt Finna go home and go to sleep! I was all up til 4 studying, got back up at 6:30 to go to work, went to class, came back to work. Work work work, all day long. Got some tidying up done. Now time for a nap, then dinner and grocery shopping what a day Jeremy Kyle was not what I was expecting was so busy at work tonight Recommend a full days shopping compared to an hour in the gym One Biology paper and two Chemistry papers down, I do believe it is now time for a cup of tea. I vote for an 8pm bedtime. babysitting my nephew since 6 am is a form of birth control of it's own This long weekend was so badly needed I could sleep the whole weekend away. Friday selfie. Grateful for an upcoming weekend. I just want nothing more than to sleep for a week. 3 exams later, I'm done. I'm think I'm gonna go lay down and cry now. No long weekend for me. Am working all 3 days. :( Vacuum in is such a sport After this week, I'm telling my boss I can only work like 4 nights a week. Could honestly sit in my room all weekend About fourteen hours later and we are finally back in the UK.... ...just about time for bed What a long fucking day Desperate need of a holiday mykonos and menorca cant come soon enough A quiet night in after a busy few weeks. 5 exams down 6 more to go Oh man, I need a nap. 5 o'clock can be here already! Staying up til 3 was a bad idea... I could seriously close my eyes and fall asleep waiting for this softball game to start Early night for me I think This Macon Sonic is not good. :( I can't wait until Texasss.. Showering and going to bed Thank god for bank holiday Mondays!! Well.. Fell down the stairs today and I'm pretty sure I broke my adhesion.. And not like my ACL again or LCL.. what a long &amp; busy day but FAB! is amazing &amp; lived up to all expectations :) all the photographers are lovely :) All nighters have me feelin some type of way... the bad way. Tired of life being a constant state of not having enough money and just, "Making it work." Haven't been to the gym once since I came home from Nashville. Also been dead tired. Maybe I'll find my energy at the gym. Don't mind me while I go pass out after that work out Work at 4am regularly is not simpatico with cramming for finals. Back to after a few short hours in ... So much time on today! I feel like book "Overwhelmed" probably sums up my life. Need to lay on a beach for about a month and not move 2 lifting sessions + baseball practice in between them= one sore and tired me I had a choir competition and had a great time singing with the best students in my school :) Now I feel so after such a long day I worked Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and tonight. Nothing like a nice little flight delay &amp; gotta but I bc it's Finally the weekend...couldn't have come any sooner 2 more days to get through till my day off Snuggled in bed with a hot cocoa After an 18 hour day this is sounding pretty amazing So happy to be home I have never been more excited to be home with mork and mindi! Been running around all day. Been working for free at my moms work counting inventory for 10 hours now. I think were close to child abuse Its an understatement for today. Well finally packed up all my stuff and moved out of my dorm..it only took all day School heads say slow pace of change.....you reckon?? Its 95* out in Burbank &amp; give my BFF Cadbury a bath &amp; a long shower in the Sun in me backyard. Then brushed him down for an hour Once I hit the house I'm liable to pass right out I'm so tired. Ready to crash. 2 practice AP exams and a test all in one day... Unpacking boxes all day. Step by step its's turning into a real home. Still a lot 2 do though. I really need a good night sleep! There's that moment when you finish your 75 page senior thesis and all is good in the world These supersets are killing me... just got home rhenzo axel cradle) between track and cheer practice today I look like I took a bath Back in Hoboken, Bout to take a much needed nap. Date night w/ my 3 boos - bed, pillow and tv I'm too tired to even get out the car and go into my house. lol I could probably go to bed right now and sleep until morning 5th and final session of the 86th Ohio FFA convention.... It's go-time! my plans for the weekend me right now periodically reminding little miss windmills of her mind of this. Home! time for shower &amp; pj's! :) Baby Alice-Monroe is wide awake and having a private rav by the feels of things lol. I need a nap so bad This is what an introvert looks like after a full day of people demanding their constant attention... Three tours, eight hours, and over a hundred people later, my day has finally come to a close. What an emotional roller coaster of a day. What the hell was that nap? I have not been sleeping enough if I can fall asleep in a kitchen chair Well guess who's going to bed now? A nap sounds great right now. haha to be clear, I am not on vacation. The twins are. vacation is when I go back to the office ;) My dad has a knack for booking hotels near a thriving sex industry. Rotterdam, I am in you. It's been such a long week I wish I could sleep for a week straight Would give anything to have a sleep in just once over this long weekend :( I definitely shouldn't have laid down on this couch.. Since I slept until 1 today and I'm home from work, I shall sleep until 6 tomorrow morning now. Feel like it's been a long ass day!! I just wanna sleep a couple days away Is it too early to go to bed? lol I rode 6 fucking horses today.... Tonight seems like a good night to snuggle up in bed and not do anything. Talk about a long day! absolutely drained all day felt and looked like crap all day , heres to a better day tomorrow Happy :-p I see a glass of wine in my near future?! Love the 7 jobs I have but this week!!!!! Just wanna sleep. Have a headache and trying to keep water out of the church is harder than I thought. Yesterday the horses got loose and had to be caught. Today it was the dog. This is the most anticipated Friday in a while Staying awake for the Wild game will be harder than any Final I've ever taken Two finals down, one more to go. Leg day got me like Last training today before tomorrow's performance I don't want too.. 4 time zones, 4 air planes and 16 hours later we are home You know you order from a place a lot when you save their number in your phone I'm so tired of not having weekends to catch up on my sleep. Gotta love 12 hour days Feel guilty that I'm going to go sleep now when there is coursework to be done I will be asleep by the time my head hits the pillow tonight. These papers may never end Everytime I babysit, my want for kids dies a little. I don't wanna wake up Baby, I just want to travel!! 30 pages worth of papers, a presentation &amp; a quiz in the past 3 days on top of my practice &amp; lifting schedule. This is college I need to just disappear for a while. Full body massage and a day off please. Is that so much to ask for 7 day weeks taking it's tole on me!! Feels like a 5 hour kinda night Today has been one of those days I sure hope today wasn't a glimpse of how my weekend at work is going to go! but Body &amp; Skin Care So badly need a night out or a holiday or just anything, can't remember the last time i actually had a weekend off work Thankfully lol 12 days on road caught up w me. my body feels so weak. So much work my head is gonna explode and it due Monday Just literally played basketball for 3 straight hours and didn't sit a game If your sleepy and you know, go to bed!! So tired &amp; out of it, I almost stopped at a green light, literally. Never been more in my *yawn* In the for at a time to finish this Going to bed at 7:45 on this Friday evening and I couldn't be more content Can't wait to get this week over with, I need a week of doing absolutely nothing I think I'm gonna chill tonight Seriously struggling to not fall asleep at work right now... just got home, it was a looooong day It's never felt this good to lay in my bed So excited for this sleep Slept in. Took a nap. Now I might go to bed early Really considering going to sleep at 8 o'clock on a Friday night Ahhhh... What will Saturday bring... The Little Elephant Soo over packing. Almost to the point were I'd seriously pay someone to do it. It's only 7 o'clock and I'm already getting in bed Is it sad that it's a Friday and I'm already ready to go to sleep??? It's a pizza &amp; movie kind of night! :) &lt;3 I need it to be May 12 ASAP! Getting back to weight lifting 4 times a week has got me really feeling it!!! Smoking loud after a long day at work I've literally had a three-a-day today. Morning workout, practice, and 1 hour and a half swimming. I'm so tired I can barely keep my eyelids open to study -_- Too tired to do anything but Netflix Tomorrow is Drinko de Mayo! But tonight is Sleepo de Mayo! I may or may not have come home and passed out for 3 hours... Well I'm not moving from my couch the rest of the night After this week, I'll take a movie night. Let the chick flicks role! So glad this week is over with! I am ready for a drink. Nothing like a 15 hour work day driving to Youngstown. I could go to bed right now. Helping my best friend move to manayunk All finals and projects done, housing for the summer signed and paid. Time to relax... Only 20 hours of sleep this whole week This is me right now after school &amp; work! ~(-__-)~ My lifestyle is not healthy ... Goooodnight world It's only 7 o'clock and I'm already getting in bed That nesting was short lived. I made strawberry jam, put 2 loads of laundry on, folded the boys clothes, &amp; sorted out the pantry Five thirty on a Friday night and I just want to go to bed My mom wants me to do so much things at home Friday night.. what to do?! 160 miles on the mountain bike since Monday! Most of it was against the 20 to 30+ mph wind... My bed has never been so comfortable. And I apparently can't spell. Seriously watch and you'll understand why! That awkward moment when you accidentally take a 4.5 hour nap.... There goes my Friday night I can see an early night ahead. A nice long run in my neighborhood for the first time in a year was much needed tonight Our current mood.. (with Bagas at Grha Sabha Pramana) [pic] I laid down to watch this show and now pretty sure I'm not getting up for the rest of the night. I said the EXACT same thing. I am never more tired than I am after a track meet Taking a night off from studying tonight! I'm ready for everything with my family to come to an end so I can quit freaking out about everything I had a nap only to be followed up by another nap Man it's been a crazy week. It's still crazy. I'm so tired... Spider-Man 2, El Torero, and now home sweet home watching The Challenge. Best day with just getting home from work! All I want right now is comfy clothes and my hotel bed With drives like these I wish I could snap my fingers and be home! Got an early Mother's Day gift for my Gram. Stick a fork in me, I'm done! Well time for me to go too bed gnight tweeters! Worked 11-830 today with a free lunch and an extra $1 an hour. Not a half bad deal Theres a strong possibility that im not gonna make the 3rd period of this pens game Soo tired!!! Today as been a day... Why do I feel like I'm ready for bed Didn't think it was this possible to be so stressed. I'm never moving ever again. I have had enough and all I want is my bed. In bed. Watching the boondock saints. Trying to find motivation to make a chicken wrap. I just cannot keep my eyes open. I am completely set for prom now. Want to get all the stuff due Wednesday done this weekend, the question is will it happen Friday night and im already in bed. I have no problem with that. So excited to sleep in tomorrow! Some days I don't know how I can work so many hours... The more I think about the culture that produces them the less I am able to stomach the Miley and Iggys of our culture. I just want to take a 3 day nap...is that too much to ask? My family is so caring. None of them have even walked past my door to see how I am. I can't tell if I woke up on my own..or from the alarm I set before I collapsed into my bed two hours ago. Today was rough. Overwhelmed with the amount of work that needs to be done before I head back home. Missing my Ava. I feel like I got hit by a bus. My mind is not set up to handle America today. I may become brain dead by the end of finals week. Busy night crashing a wedding, being a star girl AND air hostess, and travelling to the Year 3000 Yes, I chased her up and down this whole thing. More relaxing &amp; less plans this weekend... First morning run this morning with Alissa. I'm out of shape but you got to start somewhere. Now, it's bed time. I've gone through every emotion possible this week. Spent the evening prepping summer programs... Wish I had the energy of my step brothers. I'm in bed already and I don't even care Survived another launch week. My brain should return to normal in the next 24 hours. I made it to Moscow!!! Now to Clarkston! Check out my bags!!! Moscow, Idaho I just don't want to move In bed by 8:30 on a Friday... Just what this lady needed! got home, took a nap. woke up, ate, took a nap. wake up again, piss, go back to bed. worked seriously kicked my ass tonight. After an awesome week in DC its going to be so nice to sleep in tomorrow I could just lay here and sleep for days No pants and my bed waited for this moment all day! Might end up having a sleepover with McDonald's tonight after this shift We don't need no filter That was a LOT of walking and running. I wanna go huntin tomorrow but it's gonna take a miracle to get me up Sometimes I think I should just be an event planner. So happy to be home from work. I need someone to sit ass my ass down and tell me relax I forgot how tough 18 holes was I just got home like five minutes ago and I'm already in bed Those ten $3 jger bombs from last night are catching up to me I literally just spent 5 mins frustrated as to why I couldn't unlock my house. oh, BC I was using my work keys Been such a long day Best part of my day? Raw hide time! Both pups are busy and I have time to myself! 9:50pm - Perfect time to start cleaning, switching out my closet, making my playlist &amp; packing for the game. Worked 8 to 8 today. Ready for B E D Pretty boring night. Laying here almost asleep:/. work ootd staten island mall scouting all day For some reason I always feel bad if I fall asleep while texting someone even if it's only for 30 minutes Going to sleep at 10 on a Friday night...#turnup I'm as tired as a crack head after a 5 day bender.... My friday nights need to be more than netflix and He actually fell asleep like this last night... Running for the glory of God Glad my night is almost over Can't I just be done yet? I'd much rather take a nap than to start getting dressed. Fell asleep so hard, I missed 's grand slam...damn. Been sleeping for the last four hours This is the face of 24 hours + without sleep and flying all day............ it's a Friday night and I am in bed Just getting off work, been up since 6 30 this morning and did spin at lunch It's seriously never felt this good to lay in my bed moving sucks and i never want to do it again In bed at 10 on a Friday night, and completely content. You could say I'm a little tired. I just tried to open my house with my car key... Pretty sure I'm going to be sound asleep by the third period Wonder how much of "The Lovely Bones" I'm going to see before I fall asleep. So tired when I got home from work that I laid down for a "nap" and didn't wake up until the next morning. Work was so busy today, and I was by myself It's soo hard keeping a fake smile all day and trying to be nice One benefit to hosting a dinner party where every guest has children: everyone leaves by 10pm to go home to the babysitter. I have no energy at all It's not even 10:30 yet and I'm all ready going to bed I have been working since 10 this morning &amp; I'm still working, is it time to go home yet? I'm about to pass out I can't wait to get home and just watch Netflix all night ; I feel like an old lady being in bed by 10pm It's a Friday night and I'm going to bed at 10:30. I guess this is what being a junior in college feels like Long day... Is it over yet? You think moving house is tough? Try moving and then working a full day! hahaha I go to bed earlier on Friday nights lately than I do during the school week Put in over 50 hours this week. It doesn't feel like a Friday! Hate that I have to work in the morning! At last, last one at church I feel like I've been hit by a bus! Waking up at 4:30am in a weekend for work sucks more than anything.. 10 pm and finally done work. The nature of the beast it seems. Work was obscene and hideous I need like a night, or a weekend or maybe a week to myself. I feel like I've watched two rounds of the playoffs already. Can't wait to fall into Cody's bed Me and Baby Zachman are going to bed!! I'm an old woman...it's 9:45 and I'm ready in bed Off the next two days...can you say ahhhhh :D couldn't be happier! Packin a lip then off to bed I go! I am ready for bed. I need a full day dedicated to sleep mostly likely going to fall asleep while showering Touchdown, thank you God for a great day I wish I can just sleep Feeling much better. Now for a good night of sleep Photo: 05.02.14 more sleep PLZ. I napped from 445-845... so much for sleeping through the rest of the night.... I could potentially though... After having two doubles, a final at 9 am tomorrow, a shift at 5:30 tomorrow night and a double on Sunday....what is life?? I'm so in over my head. Hands down the longest week of my life I saw the quote "I'm its 930 and you want to start a move years old." It describes us old folks perfectly. 14 hours of traveling and we are FINALLY in Atlanta I've been working literally from 9am to 9:30pm... Ready to go home crawl up on my couch and watch Netflix till I snooze. Just when I was about to lay down &amp;&amp; try to get some rest,.. He wakes up , screaming. Being anemic is really damn annoying... I'm extremely happy to be in bed at 11, even though I'm getting up at 6:30! the only time I got to sit down today was on the toilet. You know it's time to go bed when everything gets irritating. Purposes of Love: A Virago Modern Classic (VMC) Being both mentally and physically tired&lt;&lt;&lt; I could go to sleep right now. I remember the days when 11:15 on a Friday night was early. Feeling like a grandma I'm actually dying at work rn someone save me Ooooh girl you ain't lyin! It's been a long night already! The kids out at the Little K sure know how to wear a person out lol.... just ready to put my oversized hoodie on and go to bed Tired but happy to be heading home to our fams Working takes so much out of me I'm at the lake on the first Friday night of summer and I'm going to bed at 10:15... Because finals. Had a 7 hour meet and I have the SAT at 8 in the morning If I don't wake up until Monday, don't be surprised. If anyone needs me in the next 20 hours I'll be sleeping Edits on THE OUTLANDERS after a long cross country trip. It's never felt so good to be in my own bed! Last few nights of almost no sleep is catching up to me El oh el why did I volunteer to work at an ice cream shop when it's starting to get warm out? Sooo much fun at the band and choir lock-in tonight...my ears are literally ringing! In bed before 11 the Friday after finals Well I just took a shower with my watch on so that was interesting Am I in bed already? Yup. Am I upset about this? Nope. Being an adult is hard work. Nothing greater than Netflix on a Friday I can't sleep, I've been having weird forgettable dreams lately, what is this? Just spent 4 hours making graduation invitations. I've been ready to go to sleep ever since I wokeup this morning tbh Do I have to wash my face before bed? I'll be up at the crack of dawn doing homework at Starbucks... plans for the weekend = catch up on sleep Three closes in a row with 170+ cars.. You can only study/do work so much in one day At -- Exam is coming. Finally finished with all my workouts That moment when you finally get in bed after a long day I'll feel y'all in on my day tomorrow.. Meds &amp; food , calling it a night early watching the rest of the hawks game....and goodnight! At Sb, from Perps with ate ,had my volleyball prac. It's 10 on a Friday night and I'm in bed watching movies and ready to pass out! Happy Friday! Hahaha ...been going since 6am and now its midnight! And my body is refusing to sleep again, just what I need with a busy weekend ahead. Well it's safe to say I am not ready to be mom after babysitting a 2yr old and 6 month old. This is the time of the year where motivation is hard to come by. Can someone please drive me homeeee????? Really just wanna lay down and not have to get up 3 mins later to pee. My days feel so long Adulthood is kicking my ass. will this pain ever end? I always get scheduled with the most hours at the end of the semester working like , no no :/ My bed has never been more comfortable The chances of me waking up early to go turkey hunting are not big Making hubby a "to go" meal for his trip to Florida this weekend then it's lights out! after today, my bed has never ever felt so good. Been in the kitchen for 12 hours baking for the baby shower. BUT my baby brought me home some roses Feel like I just finished working a 12hr shift Come 9pm the wife &amp; I are down for the count. If you were this hilarious, alluring and magnetic all day then you'd know Time for some much needed sleep. Hard work pays off though Every time I close my eyes I always wake up later than 12 Trying to force myself to go out but i legit can't move. Survived my first week of full time work. Looks like a long night to me was sooo much fun! ... I should think less and feel more. I just hate working on a Saturday regardless of the shift I just want to be in bed I'm so ready for bed Once again I'm useless on Fridays! All I wanna do after clinicals is eat, sleep, and watch tv Decided to stay home afterall. Didn't get home until 11:30 and still have practice the next morning Up, down, and all around; oh, what a day. why am i at the gym right now? All my friends are staying up and having fun. I have an 8am history final in the morning, yes on a Saturday I really don't wanna work tomorrow after doing all ten hour shifts this week not including the 3 extra hours before work to ride Just got into bed fully clothed with my slippers still on. I would think tonight has been a success correct? It isn't possible to feel fresh at 4:45am! Try doing it four days in a row where you finish at 4pm I was too tired to brush my teeth so I ate a chocolate mint cookie I'm completely exhausted! Relaxing at the station, watching COPS. Just can't hang like I used to. I just want someone to hold me and play with my hair until I fall asleep. productive day is over. Till tomorrow. Good Night Not down to work in the morning So much going on at one time. I'm gonna explode my life rn Working 9 a.m.-1 a.m. is not my idea of a happy Friday These long days are hitting me bad After standing for the past 7 hours laying down feels like heaven. I just wanted to go have a beer man. Excuse me while I hibernate all weekend. Tired af, 2 games tomorrow and a game Sunday 32 innings played in a little more than 2 days. With a day game later today at 1pm. So glad today's pretty much over calling it early tonight. rough &amp; tough week. mentally, spiritually &amp; of course physically. more bone tests to come next week. Wana crawl into bed with my boyfriend and sleep for at least 15 hours. Even playas need a night off By the end of this week I will have worked 8 shifts! it's over! 9.5 hours of heads up. That's was insane. I'm going to bed. It's 10:06 and I had a whole beer. I'm gunna have a great sleep My night just got a whole lot better now you that I get to cuddle with ferris &amp; sleep forever Sooo who's gonna ride with me while I drive home to make sure I don't fall asleep I feel like I got a lot done today... But I didn't do any homework.... Prom's in 18 hours.. I'll be sleeping 12 of those hours. Pretty sure I'm going to feel like death in the morning. Left my house at 11:30AM and I'm finally back home. Been awake for 57 hrs straight now. It's been a long, long night. Just came home from work... As soon as my head meets a pillow I'm gonna be out! Just getting out of work Did every single person in winnipeg go out for dinner tonight? it's never felt so good just to lay in bed I just want to bang my head against this mcdonalds table. I cant wait to just spend all tmrw night in my bed with my beautiful girlfriend About to shower &amp;&amp; k.o!!! 1st 5 hr drive 430 am then several hours worth of graduation ceremonies then finally a short nap &amp; dinner/ice cream. My bed is perfect right now. Just spent 5 hours under the sun at the turf What a crazy night at work First day this week that I've made it through the whole day without a nap and I'm feeling it. Getting in my bed just felt amazing I passed out in the recliner with my dog on my chest at 9:37 p.m. with NO wine... we left jersey almost 3 hours ago and we're still not home yet Currently looking like a dime at comp. That was a long day today was dogs and essays and finals and library and burritos and massage and too much probably Clean bathroom, fresh sheets, semi clean room... Going to sleeps now. Night peeps! I can't do the late game. Need earlier starts. Back to sleep. My bed feels so nice rn My bed hasn't ever felt this comfortable Seriously just want to get home and pass out Been a long but great day!!! Good to finally be home! I'm spent!!! I need a couch, a beer, a joint and some ice Got to be up in 4.5 hours for work. All I hear is the clock ticking and the drain dripping. Hate being a light sleeper... Been a long day nd im ready to fall asleep Seriously, why can I not fall asleep? I may not be doing physical activity all day.. But man, my days lately have been mentally draining Damn what a night! I'm Last night I overlooked my troubles &amp; went factual like really it's no big deal but today fuck everything One of the worst days at work to be cooking My view form the floor I just got home and I've literally been watching kids since 9am 8 hours and 20 mins of school then 8 hours of work So ready to sleep, just got home Worked a double today after my drunken madness last night Ok I really need sleep. time will have to wait. First week of my cycling commute. Literally 13 hours of work today So happy to finally be in bed! It's been a long day. I've had the longest day So happy to be home from work Haven't been so physically active in a long time. but happy I hungout with the ! Well needless to say, they didn't quite make it to the end of the second movie. Been up at this time every day this week, i better get a sleep in tomorrow Awesome well I'm just going to sleep here, K? K. What do you think twitter? Should I give up on this whole finding a girlfriend thing? I'm sick of rejection. Going to sleep at last!!! Finally home from wrapping up at the studio Today, I've been to Lexington, Louisville and Frankfort twice 511 entries, finished 32nd in the National 9 Ball Championship. Literally just got out of work Up to 1:30 on the first night at Who knows what might happen on night 2! God please forgive me for sleeping with my makeup on. I really need to go to bed had fun with Eli tonight long day tmrw getting ready for prom. I feel like a car went over me. Saliendo del midnight de Spiderman... That was mad fun . . . Now time for bed Just finished working at a spam factory, that's new. No one told me I'd have to get up at this hour for a family fun day, I didn't sign up for this Had three shows in a row. I will sleep well tonight 9a.m. Kangoo class...kill me now! What an interesting yet fun night Stuck in my living room with and Kevin....#help When the beeps go off and it's time to get up and you really don't want to get out of bed! Just happened Watching American Horror Story and eating dry cereal in bed after a night of tripping and a lotta beer. Te walking dead season 5 ampeg. Hahahha llol Hoping my little brother will fall asleep ao I can go to bed. Cq duty will be the death of me. I've been so out of it all day. pulling a double at work today got me feelin some type of way Just Finished Doing our Hematology Activity. Just got home. He'll week is officially over Do you ever get so that you can't Yogathon tomorrow morning and I just got home at first I haven't been this tired in forever. I'll be glad when this deadline is over. Had an awesome workout tonight! Goodnight, everyone! :) I've never been so happy to see LWHS I have burned both ends of the candle today. But I also can create a beautiful candle with the melted wax soon. Been napping since I got home from school and just woke up ... Can you say ?! I have to stop doing things I swear I jinxed myself complimenting Arianna on her sleep patterns. Now I never get sleep I'm so tired that I think my legs might just fall off. Got out of work at about 12:40am then out of the gym at about 3am The 14 hour all day marathon is finally over Feeling the sleepyness of my first night back coming on right now As soon as I start to fall asleep, the memories come flowing back.. Taking a much earned 5 min break from packing. 3 rooms to go - lounge/kitchen, bathroom and rest of our bedroom. Just came back from a long trip 2 crappy nights in a row Been pushed tooooo far this week Just got home from work and I have to be back there again in less than 4 hours for a meeting. Guess I'll take a quick nap? uber happy to see my fam &amp; to have this week over with I don't think I'm going to wake up tomorrow Finally made it to omaha. I've consumed 4 bottles of water and a coke....I'm also up every hour on the hour puking it up. On our way back home! Just got home from breakfast, dentist appointment, and movie date with friends! My bed has never felt so comfortable.. It's like a cloud right now Been such a long week.. My weekend shall consists of relaxation and plenty of drinks. It's 2:30... I probably should go to sleep. My bed has never felt more amazing! .. Tossing and turning all night. Only person in the emergency room and I still have to wait for a couple hours Relaxing night at home. Chinese food, studies and a bit of gaming. Pretty much sums up a relaxing weekend for me, which I need. You make it so hard to leave in the mornings I JUST got home after SATs I couldn't take a nap Getting up with Reece at 6:30am is not how I planned my saturday As soon as I start sleeping properly hopefully I'll start feeling a lot better I go into work at 5:45. So unless you are giving me coffee don't speak to me. Birds are already chirping and I still haven't went to bed.. Just want to sleep for a good 24 hours Even after 5 alarms I'm still finding myself falling back asleep What a long but good day! Back at home after a marathon session at uni 5am might as well kill me. Not a first shifter. Working weekends suck. Just getting home. My bed has never looked so comfortable! Uwian time with OJTmates! Microtel Acropolis Who needs sleep? Obviously not me. I really need to get some more sleep.. I look like a zombie! Last day of the semester? I'm so worn out it sure doesn't even feel like it!!! I popped into 3 (SMF, SFO, LAX) major cities in matter of a few hours. What have you accomplished? The first thing I'm gonna do after I finish my finals is sleep for 6 days straight. Went to bed before 10 last night and Im already going for a nap. This whole work at 6 thing is effecting my sleeping schedule 3 day drills are my worst enemy I wish someone would just understand how tired I am.....#60hourweeks Slept thru my alarm this morning, which was next to my head. Clear sign that I need to rest :-/ Ahhh laying in my bed hasn't felt so nice! Love my mum but 5 days straight with her fussing and yapping crap - absolute limit Chillingafter long hours of wandering under the sun. Good thing. I Got my own bed! It's dang near 5 a.m. &amp; I'm still awake putting together an 864 pg abstract that I have to have complete &amp; at the office by 8 Finally home from maybe now I can get some sleep since I couldn't on the bus I dont wana be at work this early Drowning in assignments sucks. Especially when you're working the weekend too Less than 4 hours sleep on my day off is not good enough. Why me, second weekend working at 5am Todays gonna be a long day, cleaning all day Working both jobs for Derby. Should be fun.... I just can't wait to go home and sleep in my own bed I never get up on time I've been tossing and turning all night cmon allergies why todayyyyy Got an 11-8 shift today Remind me again why I want to get up at 5 to hint for turkey Due date is here... thought he was going to come early hours but nope still cooking! Finally getting to bed! Such a fun night. I have 115-345 off work and because I decorated the cake last night - Im going home and back to bed because thats how I roll! Counting the seconds until exam season is over. Permanently feeling like I have a hangover, without the fun beforehand. Migraine from tiredness!!! Think I need a morning jog to spruce me up My motivation for work has never been lower Sooo not keen for work today 6.5km in the pool today, I'm officially stuffed!!!! I fall asleep at 2am and still wake up at 6, really? At a party tonight so it's my first night off of writing for the week I think it's possible I just drove to work in my sleep Really wish I had time for a nap today Can I just go back to sleep or? It's way to early for me Wow! Heavens help me if I missed a cast member, but to everyone involved in whatever way, have a great night! I kind of wish this meet was further away... So I could sleep on the way there Only a total of 7 hours of sleep the last 2 nights?! Let's just say after I get done this morning I am knocking out! Why can't the SAT be in the afternoon After working 17 innings for BIS for the Barons, and a fire sandwich from Jimmy Johns, I have finally arrived at my casa. Ugh just want to be sleeping again already Been up all night at Relay For Life, now heading to work. So tierd last night I went to bed at 8pm wearing my beanie and even my shoes. God.. I can't wait to get back in my bed later. I honestly don't know how I'm going to make it through 7 hours with those kids today. Lanjo, kakauwi lang... yet had fun with crazy bear buddies. I'm going to take a nice little nap when I get back home. Running on an hour or a tiny bit more of sleep. thank you Red Bull, now I can get through work this morning 8.5 hours of clinicals followed by 7 hours of paid work. On 3 hours of sleep. Today and tomorrow. Please God help me I wonder what the record number if visits for Starbucks is for one day? I might challenge it today. Really fun but tiring team building with Ministry today .. Now off to rest for tomorrows early rise. oh GOSH! im so buzy,i cnt even enjoy the weekend..... It's gonna be a long day. Oh dear, there isn't much I wouldn't do for another hour of sleep....even just the Idea of 20 minutes is amazing Reunited with my bed and I've never been happier Project prom after math. FML. Why did I choose to work today? Just getting home from work and laying in bed is the best feeling ever. Wasn't in my best interest to go to sleep at 3 and get back up at 5 for turkey hunting Today 6:30 feels like the middle of the night. I really really really REALLY don't wanna run this race I haven't slept all week and of course I wake up at 7:30 today! I'm gonna nap soooooo hard later. Only got 2 hours of sleep last night Great Night with great people even after a tough game against Linwood but now i need sleep I have to get up and get ready for work, but I could sleep for like three more hours Who's ready for a 2km walk/run in 45 minutes? Seriously I got maybe 45 minutes of sleep between all the tossing and turning I did.. Waking up at 5:30AM the morning after a very late field trip last day of working at 7:30 in the morning on a saturday why didnt i stay in bed another few hours After this it's back to sleep! A 2 and a half hour economics grind would take every bit of energy out of you thanks heaps babe just grabbing something to eat then actual heading home! Staying in the library all night and not sleeping was not my best idea Late nights &amp; Early mornings..... Lafayette Regional Airport Too early for me to be awake right now... Sometimes I wonder why I even try to sleep. Golf tournament today and tomorrow, prom tonight and I haven't slept-in in weeks... I just wanna be home NOW! Tow truck can't get here fast enough. Feeling very emotional today glad to be at my own mums with mase staying Thank god for red bull I would do everything I could in my power to not go to work right now I really need to get out of bed and find clothes and leave for work... No motivation to move at the moment Don't wanna get up.... :( 6 hours of sleep total the past two nights....and I have a feeling tonight I won't be sleeping that much either And that's a wrap. So ready to get on that plane and head home. I went to bed way to late and am up way to early to study for this accounting final! It has been so hard to wake up lately ! I'm so gonna get in shit... :$ Of course after one of the most tiring weeks ever, I couldn't sleep at all last night A weekend off would be so nice.... 40 something days straight or something.... Idk I've lost count It's so hard getting up for work. I never sleep past 7 anymore. It's way too early to be awake.... I need a job that doesn't make me work weekends. Exhausted but it's time to go to work and put on a happy face. All I want to do is sit in my room alone and cry! I hate that my stomach automatically wakes me up so early. Like no this is sleep time not food time. -_- I could honestly sleep forever. Goodnight. Spent my night dreaming of the lessons plans I need to finish. Too bad I couldn't work on the while I was sleep. Can I just skip prom and sleep all day? Been awake for over 24 hours I should probably go to work Been painting, gluing and making all week.. finished lots of pieces. Anyone need bags I woke up with extra -_- JFH from Ocean Park Adventure in HK. I really hate every Saturday &amp; having to get up this early every Saturday I don't know why I offered to babysit today.... It'll be a long one! I dont even know how I'm functioning this morning lol Saturday 8:00 am practice is so unreasonable Ima die, why do I work :( The puppies are calm now that I'm up. Of course. Never mind the last 3 hours of crazy... Unbelievably tired, have another long day -- 12 straight hours starting at 4pm. I need sleep! Running on E! Can't wait for my vacation!!! It's just one of those Days got to get up and go to sand volleyball. Might have taken a nap when I got home at 7:45-and just woke up. Tired very tired and it's hours yet until bed time I cant wait to wake up on a Saturday and not have to work. These 6 day works weeks are getting old pretty fast lol Time to get motivated, gotta get ready. Iti difficult getting used to bar hours 6/7 days this week ! Going to Providence area for the church conference! Can't wait to sleep in my own bed My short nap after my walk turned into a 12 hour, overnight, full-on sleep. I decided to take a "nap" before going out last night. Never made it out lol. Smh Legit CANT wait to be back in my bed, snuggled &amp; warm. I aint even tryna fuck with genes today Oh brotha what a night What a night that was.. Is it safe / okay to exercise when you've had very little sleep? I mean around 4 hours. Money is nice and all, but its too early to earn it. After playing 49 innings in 2 1/2 days I think I might just lay in bed ALL day!! just finished a 5 hour shift, work again at 6, ucchh I see a long nap in my future today Today is day 3 of 3 meets in a row! Little cow needed extra tlc again all night. listening to the thunder&amp;rain Slept for a full 12 hours and would have kept on sleeping if the dogs weren't bugging me. No wonder I was crabby all week. I need coffee if I'm gonna make it through today Should've got an XL coffee instead From Amadeo to Malabon. From Malabon to Antipolo. From Antipolo to Rizal. Jgh. Having closing and opening shifts back to back kill me . Spent this whole day jumping from beach to beach Finished the 5k in under thirty minutes, feeling pretty accomplished just finished our game against weisbaden. now rushing to weiden for my parent's military ball. glad is an understatement.. Catching up on some sleep now! ha It's like I can never get enough sleep Last day of moving. Thank god...it has been a physical &amp; emotional pain in my butt. Last night was srsly crazy Only can deal with so much in one day Not gonna be a Disney princess any time soon. Sleeping Beauty has me beat. Work might kill me today. Felt great to sleep in! Thank you for letting me! Who's dozing at their own graduation? Yyyeeaa.... Tweaking a sample of my PI story for the last night &amp; only just kept from drooling on the iPad. No I don't wanna go I work.... I just wanna sleep!!!!!! Currently rocking the all nighter I could sleep for a year and not be recovered from last night! Got two hrs of sleep. Up at 4:30 for Mom's triathlon.... So are we going to do that before or after right now? Naka net man gd from 3days camp! Time to make a plan to get home... After a week of only getting 4 or 5 hour sleeps , there's a good chance I'm gonna fall asleep during this final. I literally woke up every hour on the hour I wonder if Mook will let me have a late morning nap an if Binka will keep his attention for me My little man must be going through his growth spurt. Has kept me up every hour since 4am -__- This week has just absolutely killed me up at 4:30 bed at 11. up at 4:30 bed at 9. up at 4:20, 8 hour work day... Why did I agree to work this morning? Probably gonna puke on the way home from cottage! Definitely gonna need some coffee today Only I would actually fall asleep during my final exam... Omw back to office! So many things happened in 1 day BTS Saturday morning. Sun half ass showing , coffee, listening to birds chirp is far as I go so far Well that's the main lawn done... Now for the two small ones... Didn't know how much prepping you need to do flying international High intensity interval workouts....so not my cup of tea Been runnin around all mornin Been studying like hell these past 2 days.. The only thing that I'm looking forward to today is the nap that I get to take after work. It is straight nap time The last 6 miles of that race was pure wind. One prom down. Another one to go. Sources haven't got back to me so obviously I can't do my work and I must lay in my bed all morning I probably just got 4 shots of espresso in my iced latte. All I can say is "lekker man lekker man". Phew!!!! Debating about going to the gym or not today. i could literally sleep until tomorrow I may have had a LOT of fun yesterday. Ready for this work week to be done I slept for 15 hours. Finally finished cleaning my room About to go to a two year kids birthday party after only getting an hour of sleep... Should be an interesting day! UGHHHH! I hate working double shifts on a Friday night!!! It's a really good thing I don't have kids right now. Going to be a long day today. last day in San Francisco... fly back tomorrow. But man, I wanna go home already. Got home at 4 am, going to work at 9 , then prom tonight Can I just not go to work and just sleep for two solid days instead? Sometimes I hate the fact I'm a morning person.. No matter what time I get home, it's a safe bet I'll be up by 8 I could literally sleep ALL weekend. But juries and review and learning tap choreo. So, just kidding. I will never come out of the gym and get right on the highway again! After being on convention the past 3 days working 11:30 to 8 is not how I want to spend my day. First trip to the hospital last night; they were able to convince Stella to wait a little longer :) Hit the gym for 2 hours today haha I don't think I could leave my bed even if I wanted to. Just finished a morning gym sesh with Austin but gotta hustle back to work! knocking this double out then going home and going to bed. One more week to get through and I am done with sophomore year! Gonna lose one or two hours of revision taking a nap instead... ah well I don't have to babysit until 5 now, but my godson wants me there earlier to take him to haunted trails.. you see my problem? I cannot wait to just go home and sleep This is how I looked after my 10k today... 3 hour shift turns into all day shift Now that I'm home and in my bed, I think I'm going to sleep for the next week straight. Can I just not go back to work..like just leave while I'm on my break and not come back?? Going to be another long day at work As much as I love when my parents come see me I hate it, they never let me sleep! just now going to bed at 10AM so you could say last night was a long night. Man, that was a long workout Today was the first day ive slept in so long. Anyone else feel refreshed? I don't know how much I ran today (yet) but I'm pretty sure I haven't ran this much in a LONG time Had an amazing birthday. Now it's time to recover. Just got home. Today was a death wish. so happy it's a bank holiday weekend! We all need a nap before the party... Finished the Mini Marathon in 3 hours and 58 minutes! successful morning of trimming trees and moving the lawn with daddy Two and a half hours of sleep was not enough. Sleeping in until 10 and laying in bed until 11. Best Saturday of my life. little after 6am til 4pm. Beyond but enjoying the hell out of Wedding over with, afternoon dinner to go Celebrating Mum's birthday, revising and taking naps Quite literally crawling to bed Yesterday was so much fun, but so so long! I really need to catch up on sleep No matter what always find some strength for a smile Venice beach It's sooo nice out today and I'm in my house sleeping Homed from Tivoli gardens. -____-' 3 more hrs and I go from one hell to another All I want to do is have a Chinese and watch a movie 2014 GBR Optimist Selection Trials - Sailors just completing race 6. Expected back on shore in 45/60 mins. Long day on the water! Not getting any solid sleep at night for the last few weeks is catching up to me Too tired to go out... beben_f3 Don't think i have ever felt tiredness like it! Concert tonight but first 2 and a half hr drive Remember that time I was having people over in 5 hours but I couldn't get up to get dressed or clean Hard graft on a Saturday..., digging holes, mixing cement, building a fence I know I need 2 be asleep! Jus got off work this am....had breakfast with hubby...exchanged gifts...went to my sons ball game... Just got back from a six hour walk with 3 and a half hours business, 2 hours for english, 2 hours for math. studying resumes tomorrow, nitenitee tweeps I need a big nap! Waiting for this NyQuil to kick in. I feel like I got hit by a train. Can't wait to take an afternoon snooze. Desperatly waiting for the day that I can wake up by myself at any time of the day because there's nothing planned &gt;.&lt; Mini marathon complete, a little over 3 hours. Now some R&amp;R. How I feel right now! Car problems suck. But made it to by 4:45am Only just got home have a million things still to do before tomorrow but all worth it your only 21 once This morning was the best morning I have ever had (insert sarcasm here) My god portobello market was busy today! Last 2 applications completed and sent off Studio session with Ed. SO CLOSE TO BEING DONE. Why did I wake up so early today It's such a beautiful day and all I wanna do is stay in bed.. Done 2 hours futsal with mates I swear I'm sleeping until 2 tomorrow I need an IV of coffee today! On my second cup and still yawning ! I'm awake but I'm not happy about being awake right now 2 hour cycle done! but can do some more. Gonna pass out standing up I thought gardening was supposed to be relaxing. Jeez. Post-Prom &amp; 7 Mile Run Tweet I haven't felt this exhausted since my final yr at uni Prom dress shopping was hectic bit still haven't found anything -_- Get home. Crawl into bed. Been a long ass week yo!!!! Smh Pretty awesome workshop with at , following teaching a dynamic class this morning As soon as this 8 hour shift is over I'm taking my butt straight to bed . Lmao My 'office' (read: corner) is complete! Yay. My morning was too productive... Now i need a nap!! I m the Mad Person who wil not study for days..n then in a day wil complete 8 chapters.!! Somehow, I've ended up in bed fully clothed. An entire day of an Inter-School Mace Debating Competition! :D What an eventful day.... ... Bubble bath ... &amp; chill ... I desperately need these two days off. 4 pm cannot come soon enough. hate hate hate working Saturday mornings Seriously the hardest day at work ever Just had my tea was ready 4 that 1st thing 2 eat since last night now I feel a coming on Glad that Im off from work Feeling like a zombie after that SAT Just finish taking the SAT. NEVER AGAIN!!! I HOPE AND PRAY TO GOD that I got a good score so that I NEVER have to take it again! I've been hustling all week. God am absolutely knackered!! Whole of my front room emptied apart from sofa and TV which I can't do alone... The real blessing is if they don't come. The SAT went wonderful if you consider writing "what?" " =(" And "?????" On the math section good answers I think the SATs were designed by Satan himself. I need to take a nap before I do anything else today.. I'm walking and stumbling like that's really happening....smh Im aboutta go into the deeeepest sleep. fr. Finally, done cleaning this hell of a room. I normally need a nap at least after work, but the days I go to the gym after as well are just a total write off Thanks to everyone who drove by and donated Struggling with the last assignment, but my brain keep thinking of Sushi recovering from The Wanted show last night. I'm pretty sure it's written in the SAT rule book that you take a nap once you are done. Back to bed for me But with two little ones there is no down time. The only thing getting me through this day of babysitting is the nap I'm gonna take after After roughly 5 hours, the SAT is done Is it too early to go to sleep??? All I want I one day to myself Bank holiday weeks are like Xmas weeks in the shop!! Everyone else looks lovely, I look a mess.. Just two more days and I'm done I'm about to fall asleep in this tanning bed Not feeling this nine hours shift today I think I'll lay on my couch all day &amp; watch movies If you are going paleo...do it slowly. All at once is hard. I had a good day.. From photoshoots-go karting- paint balling.. cc finally on my way home 