I received nothing. Sent email and got nothing. Going to dinner now, will try later. Long day with no results........ You're a hoe she's a hoe every body is a hoe Really want my knee to be better Way too true with most of the guys i have every talked to -.- like a fat chick for once, im no different I've done all I can for my knees and nothing is working I cant do a thing with my hair when it rains! I love golf! I hate golf! I love golf! I hate golf! I love golf! I hate golf! I love golf... me on the driving range. Where the heck are my ankle braces!!! Some days, I don't know why I bother. STILL not enough time for you to say what you need/want to say. :( I never thought something I love so much could put such a bad taste in my mouth Photo: Lmao this is how I feel about bad days These are a waste of 20 bucks tbh.... My printer is printing all of the alignment pages and everything but not what I want it to print. Today started out so good, but it's ending so bad 99% of y'all won't understand this but: LINEAR INTERGRATION!! That's the goal! Don't believe me just watch!!! Don't even know what's going on Nothing like a new laptop and OS to make you feel like a dummy. my room is so close but so far to being done. Really starting to get tired of this. Something has to change. When things seem like they're getting better... Then they go down hill The fire is still not contained and I have no where to go... What do you do when your head is telling you one thing and your heart another Why in the world does it always takes me almost 2 hours to order off of ? This is getting old really quick. Who knew Bell's palsy was such a bitch? Gah. I need to find a person on fb and I remember almost everything about the person but not the name! Am I stupid or what?! I'm a very independent person, and usually I'll ask for help when I need it. Other than that I prefer to be left alone. No offense to some of our players. But if the in field doesn't start making plays, we will never win. You can't score with nobody in front if the net people!!!!! It's like everything I ever want to say to you is cancelled and gets sent to my "drafts" folder Nothing is in TV. Pool is closed... due to weather. So I am stuck watching flippin Disney channel. Urgent care instead of studying for my stats exam tomorrow...Yep this is exactly how I wanted to spend my Wednesday night Oh god please don't be on the same soccer team I'm on. I won't be able to cope. Seriously why the fuck do you have to be this way! I learned responsibly when I was a little girl you should learn some too!!!! Stuck in LAX. Flight cancelled. LONG lines of people. WILL I EVER MEET MY IDOL I don't no y but I am tired, but I can't sleep What's the point when I can never do anything right.. is telling me my bill is yet same page confirms my Why must you take hours to text back!? Can't even have a convo because I forget what we were talking about. What is going on with snapchat?! Instagram isnt letting me upload a picture. Vegas has some of the drivers I've ever seen! I love how you try to make conversation with someone, but they don't answer back! Seriously tho this damn headache needs to be done already! That was the worst performance I've ever had. Dumb waste of a power play! Just shoot the puck and pickup the rebound! Why are you like you are. Can't stream game Relying on twitter Go !!!!!! I just wanna flip out i wish i could see a message from you right now Well guess who's not well yet again :( kill me now! Day in bed tomorrow again :( A5) means CANT workout &amp; but track everything and still have plateau /gaining weight! If Only Once (The Martelli Brothers, this game is starting to become impossible to watch for a Flyers fan.... I just don't understand how everyone gets a happy ending and I'm stuck with being fucked over so many times So annoyed with my flight delay at back to HBG this evening...now I'm missing the flyers game 7 having same problem with a flight reservation, sold me one thing; got another. Came to the turtle pond for peace n ended up getting an arguing couple to sit beside me. Paid all the bills today, I literally have 61 cents in my bank account until next Friday. Ughhhhhhhhhh Poor mason is playing unreal tonight and his team isn't helping him at all! maybe if some of the other players on his team didn't hang him out to dry... Y can't some things just work out for me? The game 2048 isn't Impossible but pretty close to it I'm in one of those moods where everyone, and everything is pissing me off! I put Caiden's crib together by myself and was pregnant. Now, I have to lower it, and I can't. so frustrated injured workers should rally and be heard why aren't apples designed so we can eat the core? Baby, it's hot today missed my walk two days now!!! , but listening to Steveearl Oakland A's making the Texas Rangers look like a little league team. Get it together man. Inconsistency is my biggest problem. I dont know what to do. My breast is already aching but Pia doesnt want to drink milk from a bottle. Nvm. No point in driving the ball if refs are not going to call fouls! If somebody would text me back so I could finish this assignment that would be great. On the real I'm going to need a Xanax prescription to not shoot someone this week. When the going gets tough, the tough get going. I never find any mushrooms Looks like in not paying rent because I can't figure this stupid online payment thing and its due tomorrow.. Something is up and I don't know what I issssssss You weren't and will never be everything to her, because I was, and still am. I can understand why people snap. There is only so much bullshit a person can take Don't tap the white tile When will the rest of the world caught up!? Good points! These Real Estate tests make me want to throw my computer out the window. This should not be that hard! I hate when i dont know how i should feel at times like this. Why do rugs have to be so expensive My cable is messed up!! Don't they realize A. Idol is on?!? Come on now!! Do any of my friends know if today's interview from MSNBC is available online? I was at work &amp; couldn't dvr it! I was never able to log into last night error 113. It better not be there tonight! Why is my nose so runny?? I know u don't just knew you would understand listener fan of yours. Seriously hate the game 2048 I just want to scream so loud right now Why do I always get confused with her ?! got their tales handed to them. If they play defense like this in game 6 this series will be over. Thinking I need a McDonalds run!!Grumpy night!! Wanting to go in to the Queen E to watch the Don Carlo rehearsal but the stupid security won't let us....!!!! Girl if you're gonna be in skutt, put your damn headphones in. No one wants to hear your spanish lecture I'm having a really hard time finding the finger wave tutorial I learned from. it was so easy (and of course, non-authentic) I have borrowed a phone so I can call and get support and now I can't get through. 7 out of every 10 Americans support raising minimum wage....wasn't Congress elected to represent this majority? Literally have the worst headache from screaming at mediocre referees. I am about to freak out Also why don't you have a service status web page?! I'm sure it would reduce your helpdesk calls A LOT! (2/2) Does CVS make mistakes with everyone, or is it just me they are out to get? So close to getting my bachelor's degree and it's only week 3 of the semester and I'm ready to drop out. it just hasn't been my day, or my week, or my month Getting annoyed that my teachers haven't graded projects I turned in a month ago so I can't figure out my grades! DVR randomly doesn't record. Only explanation:"the set-top was unable to record this program." Happens all the time. And I'll be your crying shoulderrrrr~ HAHAHA :( Who the eff takes 7 weeks to send out a job offer. I swear to Arnold to dropkick Matts new employer. Desperately need ink for my printer &amp; no one in Denton carries what I need that is still open. 6 hours later I'm finally moved out! Nts: Never be the last one to move out ever again! Third day without a fridge and microwave at the when I was told they would be in my room on monday! This is not how I pictured it When I'm trying to tweet something witty and I accidentally hit the button and ruin my typing spree. five stores down no one had cards in yet Sin isn't something "organic" to humanity. I'm about to go on a rant Must my phone remind me that the lost? Today is one of those days where I'm so discouraged I want to have a meltdown and go to bed. Aaaaahhh! NO FUCKING WAAAY! Just finished reading Asgfhgjhkl!!! ARE YOU SERIOUS?! you need to reevaluate how your return system works. Way to complicated and absolutely ridiculous!!! I just gotta leave the stupid shit behind and keep going forward You know you've gained weight when a child asks you if you're having a baby. The only thing good about my day was my 100 on my physics test. Why do NONE of my professors post grades? I have absolutely no tolerance for lazy people. My body is tired. Mind is in overdrive. The urge to just keep eating is overwhelming. Just another night Hate the for android app right now, guess I'll use until they fix it How the hell can I not take an upper tier when I am a junior with more than 3/6 lower tiers done. Didn't even get to go to the barn today. . freaking 8 . POINT EIGHT PERCENT away from securing myself a future. Oh Its just Africa doing African atrocities again wtf cares? right? I can't fucking paint my own nails ever!!! I need to get laid is there another exercise I should be doing to improve my standing sprints? Ugg have to go back to the mall tomorrow because the sales clerk gave me two of the same thing instead of soap and toner Wish we could be mature about this. I'm in the worst mood ever.... Sometimes I just don't know, really. Life is a big ball of poop My mom would like it better if I hid my depression from camp. I don't think she understands how impossible that is. No Netflix.. My name is not Adam.. Been trying to click on my profile name for 5 minutes now, not his. Four day weekend starts now. How many gold glove winners will the have to have before their relief pitchers will start throwing strikes? Thank U. All blockage cleared, with stints. progress Why cant things just be simple? Trying hard to get there but, not having enough information. Don't get what I did Sure would be nice to be able to get off at a decent hr n enjoy my night for once It is unheard of where the tourist is notified of an unavailability of the room after booking has been confirmed! please tell me yr at customs? Trying for faster net speed. Told faster speeds avail by your field tech, but when I call, told can't be done. Things are not going the way I want them to right now I cannot wait until I don't have to work in a restaurant anymore. why is it that only netflix never loads but everything works fine I've never been more ready for summer Why can noone ever cover my shifts. I know I said "no I don't like it" to but now I want it If I see another lineup with my name in mixed doubles I might shed a tear and punch a baby I have reached the point where everything is beginning to get mixed up and nothing makes sense anymore Life is so hard right now Cannot win a 8 ball pool game to save my life, I have absolutely no motivation to study for my math test retake tomorrow... not agreeing with the parental's opinions on crime and punishment... bone spur in my ankle pt. 2 Uhhh how can I send my glorious snap chats if snap chat isn't working-.- Why is it so hard to find a clean coupe uggggh HE NEVER EXPLAINS THE STUPID HOMEWORK! Hey I filed a warranty claim 4 days ago. When will I hear something? I'm going ona cruise in 3 weeks &amp; want m case... I just want to be happy is that asking to much...? Everytime I have something planned my baby don't even be home Are you so fooled by your doctrine that you can't see the cruelty in your words? Ughhhh.... Why must everything be a challenge? THE FACT THAT I CAN'T WATCH THE GAME BECAUSE OF MY MOMS SHOWS &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; can't sleep coz something's buzzing, got up turned all the lights off yet it's still buzzing!! Where the fuck did all this time go?!? I know God's plan and timing for me are perfect; I just wish I knew what that plan was and when it will come to pass. the fact that 4 seasons of criminal minds disappeared from my house is rattling Really irritated that my survey results aren't corresponding with previous research done... I will not change my hypothesis... You have a phone for a reason. ANSWER IT. Why can't you just get the hint Don't know what I did but I'd take it back if I knew what it was I hate when landlords don't want pets in their properties. I'm watching the fosters and these dumb fucks are ruining everything Have spent more time than needed to activate my new phone and it still isn't working. Anyone else's bestfriend list on snapchat fucked up?! Maybe the Sharks should stop wearing the black jersey during playoffs. I love when SD my life puts classes in my personal learning plan that I didn't even take.... I need to go to Boomerjack's rn Matrix inversion is one of those things I know the 'how' of, but have noooooooo idea about the why. why am I never satisfied? Never been so exhausted in my life This heat needs to chill out.. I have to choose to either be w/ my avid class next year or in AP calculus... ;/ PT3,you should know tht i really hate u and i feel like want to kill u eventhought i know tht i can't kill u!~ I just want this cut to fucking heal so I can start running again. My supervisor is taking her sweet time to look over my results and my thesis is due soon. You can't tell me you want me and then ignore me My computer is beginning to annoy me... Just finished some editing on chapter 27 and will MS Word save it? NOPE! I'm just gonna put this here. I've been clenching my teeth so hard my jaw hurts.... . Why is it so hard to stop caring about people who obviously don't care about you?... do you ever want to win a What is it about the playoffs? Seriously!? So fucking sad after watching them this whole season not fucking surprising though This whole 'not sleeping' thing is getting on my nerves.... 3 hours of sleep every night is taking it's toll on me Well go ahead and add the Sharks to the same list as the Bengals and Reds as disappointing playoff teams that I like Fucking sharks a 3-0 lead in the series and we blew it! I want to break something right now Literally have been here for 3 hours and still have not gotten anything done. Lazy &amp; Careless. The two words that best some up the majority of this department. Hey if we buy on iTunes doesn't that count as a vote? And how can we buy when it's not up there yet? Tried to access both the website and the Wechat line. Both keeps bombing out. I'm so tired of my moral wavering... I'm a nice girl damnit! is blocking Christian content from on my home wifi Omg I'm gonna stab something Never a good sign when stomach starts growling while laying in bed. Baby you don't have to try to read my mind, because you I wanna get it in That moment when you walk into your room and realize how messy it is. Like how?! I'm never home to mess it up! I seriously have one more paper to write for my undergraduate career. I can't seem to focus. Really wish would carry swimsuit in sizes that fit girls with actual big boobs.. Just sayin. Is Anyone really good in Algebra 2 ? Really wish would carry swimsuit in sizes that fit girls with actual big boobs.. Just sayin. still debating on the one I should I get I need to go to work to make money to pay for school Let's see what else could go wrong for me tonight... Idk why the fuck I'm wasting my breath right now... I miss MN so bad! I wanna go back!! Wahh.. What's your tip on how to run your small business without feeling like you are selling your soul? I feel like I've let my whole generation (and race, for that matter) down when I can't figure out a new type of technology. Really wish my hip would stop hurting for one minute so I could get comfortable enough to fall asleep... Ugh With all due respect, much love Bakes, but I wish your goal wasn't the most famous still 20 years later. Why have I still not slept a wink??? Also Idont wanna. Hear nothing. About current, ex or upcoming. Couples. I hate it that I get hot so I turn on my fan but then I get cold so I turn it off but then I get hot again ugh being an injured grandma sucks balls thankyou Mr Bird you still got hair left after the season we've had been stuck on level 350 for over 3 months. Doing my head in My iPhone is being an idiot :( Enjoyed my skating lesson this morning. Just wish I could get my head around the jump If you did nothing wrong, there is no need to apologize. Tired and have a headache, but of course I can't sleep. These Real Estate tests make me want to throw my computer out the window. Can't go back to sleep! i will solve this crossword today.need to put my brain into gear I want to do so many things and each one requires a different state to live in... Worked most the day updating my website it's not finished yet because I have a broken link somewhere in my code&amp;can't find it! why has my cable box rebooted itself 3 times tonight? It's impossible to get through a show when it's constantly rebooting When you walk through a spiders Web with your face No stream tonight guys going to try n fix my audio setting sorry HELP! My one client's Twitter account keeps on getting hacked! What can I do? Seriously Metro 'driver training' is the weakest excuse for my train to be cancelled... Take a bow Why the fuck does the internet decide to stop working as I am finishing up this damn research paper. Oh gahd, help. Nw i knw y they r jealous of We; the :) I swear I'm losing the will to do health and social Hate not being able to contact someone, when you really need too. I can't lie I want some sex... Head nd all Why don't exams get over early. Have too many holidays in between papers. :( She stopped replying to my texts..I was suppose to get it from her tonight!! urghh i can't wait any longer :( Why is nothing straight forward? your customer service My TV and internet is down for 4hrs called 4 times no one seems to solve the problem Apologies for the abuse...but honestly how do you ? seriously can people please return my things after you borrow them. now i cant do my work bc my pencils are gone. I miss my boo thang! I need my car back!! Poor internet connection = loss of sanity. 3 more hours that's all I want .. Why am I up now.. help meeehhh i can't revive my instragram account!!! xD what am i supposed to do when i cant get ahold of my boyfriend &amp; he has to be at work within a half hour -.- I am officially so over Not enough adequate signage to guide you through this construction craze. Down for a looooong time..!!! Lisie Hospital) Aagh! Writing not going well this morning-can't seem to get the ending right! So close but so far from completing my book. JGH from the office.. And still didn't meet the deadline. System wasn't cooperating. Argh Southampton general hospital are so damn useless!!! I'm so fucking stressed, I have a horrible migraine. I just can't fucking deal today! Why is no one calling me?? where is the fitter? being seriously mucked around! 3 fails now! Drooling over Marcos' bookshelves. Huhuhu Laoag, Ilocos Norte ARRGHHHH. One of those days. That is all. struggling with perspective...this is gonna be a long a$$ day Today's front page includes massive which I experienced in my room. On my day off too. Where has this week gone?! My good intentions have been scuppered by a muddle of nothingness Stratified approach to treating RA is important so why can't I get MY research funded? I wana shift outa dis plaaccceee.... after pulling my calf 2.5 miles into a 5 mile run!! Feeling cos easy processes r turning out to be hard! yes, frustrating when u'r tryin to discuss but the other person gets emotional easily&amp;tend to gaduh! I feel your frus Why can't I figure out how to change my picture in here!! why not release the update then tell everyone. I don't get how peoples hair grows so fast...mine NEVER grows!!! Laptop keeps freezing!!! Samsung sort it out! Ugh, I can't stand waking up horny af! Im just tryin to find things to look forward to, thank you for making that very difficult When will they get his paycheck right?!?!?!? I need to move down here and get a job ASAP. I want the freedom to be myself without being made feel guilty about it. If anyone has been on the Files today &amp; thought it looked strange, sorry, problem, design for the site has been wiped. Do childcare hour friendly jobs actually exist?? If so, where?? I just can't catch a break with my car anymore. ...whoever has the most mates online at that particular time wins!... that's not even trying to be a promoter... Feel like I'm back to square 1 today. I'm on a mission. I'm on a mission to get through a self service checkout in a supermarket without incident! So my snap chat says it's updated but I can't do that new nifty chat thing... Can't beat my Dad at darts! Just can't get it into my head... how difficult is it to cancel a mobile phone contract with Orange?? Never known anything so difficult anyone else seeing massive battery drain with the new Kitkat update for the Galaxy S4 on ? These Real Estate tests make me want to throw my computer out the window. i have no subscription and i wonder why 20218 keeps on stealing my airtime! 0727594766 Seriously, you are going to be 30 minutes late? Hating on chem so much rn 'Flappy Bird' WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME ?????? WHY????? You so difficult to please Why didn't you give me the alarm number?? Why the "trickle delay" of 30 min at a time when the FAA's site gives a projection of 1 hour and 50 minutes? Seriously I just want to get on this f'n plane already delayed and now we rnt even going to take off by r delayed time if you love someone and he doesn't knows that I both love and hate showers at the same time We've been fighting for a week. And I can't take it no more. You want this as much as me? Prove it. And we will TALK IT THROUGH! this is not my first time calling in yet cannot get through to anyone and messages left go nowhere? Why give me an appointment at 8 when you don't open till 8:30! Your going to have to wait a year for this to ever happen again !! I don't care what the Pacers have to do, but they better get the win tonight! lmao dont even get me started how can cupcakes get me so mad! at which point you'll be ignored &amp; stuck on various pills for years I can't get my snapchat to update.. That shitty feeling when an idea gets put into your head and you don't know what to believe anymore. I just love that when I'm the one that's sick, I get to get up and move my car three blocks away to avoid a ticket If I get one more long passage I might cry!! And they are just sitting there talking... Even though they know I'm sitting right behind them! Sooooo annoyed with all of this shit. Its not the same anymore &amp; I just dont get it. Can we please reform access to academic journals, already? There has to be a better way. This new snapchat looks fab... Be good if there was an update on the appstores tho ! WHY IS THERE NO AUTO ANSWER FOR IPHONES!!!!!!!!!!!! Do something about it, Apple !! Learning new email programs suck! I need a right good ending for this dissertation and no words are coming! 11 months without sex. Or D of any kind How can 1 person have a million personalities?! I just wish they could figure out why I get migraines all the time. Why are some people so against common sense? My frustration level is at a 7 &amp; it's only 8:30! Lord, please bring me peace! So grateful that is easy going and patient with me! and what is going to do about it?? Why would you actually promise something for yesterday and then not have it done OR warn your customer there is a problem? my phone battery has been dying so quickly lately and the text tones aren't making any sound I cannot focus on the content of a paper if every single line contains grammatical errors. I HATE printers! Why do they never work?? Doing a science lab with dominoes and they won't fuckin stay up! Have an eyelash or something under my eyelid. I'm about ready to rip my eye out. Online check in and suddenly lose my pre chosen seats on Now can't even rechoose new ones. i dont know how to calculate my psych grade!! I think I will get an A but i cant figure it out! Ain't nobody got time for Ramponi's class. Ever. what's happened to your last two video uploads?! Won't load on YouTube examz i m not ready for uh this tyme will uh pleezz leave me for only years...!!! Why am I having such a hard time with this psychology paper!!? It's only 9:15 and my phones dead and I didn't bring a charger. my whole phone is slow motion since updating your software! More people should practice what they preach. are we able to have a reason as to why this is happening? Or the customers not entitled to that? "Insert passive aggressive tweet about crappy friends". Why is it I put in so much effort and you put in so little. This is not the morning!!!!! So tired of no one in this family being able to communicate- but y'all have big ass mouths when it comes to drama don't you? Good luck with that! I still can't even get any help.... 4 weeks of calls and no resolution. About to swear off for life. Can someone team help? Couchless and Why do retailers have their bikini tops in dress sizes? Who measures boobs that way! Trying to write a poem about a class insanely hard Hate when you do so much and nothing is good enough I did not see that coming at all =\ I thought for sure that I would at least get a B+ why am I only once in awhile getting low battery emails and not weekly. It's very frustrating when you have inconsiderate neighbours! They say do what makes u happy, but how can I do that when my choice will hurt everyone else. Ugh! My day is already thrown off! I feel so out of sync this week! It is 5:00 somewhere right??? Here is to those of you who cuss people out and cuss on social media. Is that showing a godly example?no Math is literally the most frustrating thing ever. Really want to become a theater actor. :(( HAHAHA. The state of my desk!! Someone come &amp; a has found its way on my desk too WTF It took me like 45 minutes to take my contacts out and put them back in About to throw my phone at the wall Why is it that when I'm bored no one wants to do anything, but when I need to be studying everyone wants me to do something? I hate seeing these ppl who can eat chick fil a nuggets &amp; Pizza Hut pizza everyday &amp; still be stick thin This ghei can always make my day :) Why is it so hard to get presale On The Run tix? Tried all presale codes right when they go on sale I have something in my eye and im currently debating whether or not just to stab my eye out cuz it would be easier to deal with Can't even straighten my hair in the bathroom smh. Grrrrr... This is why I don't hire high school girls as my assistant at the studio. Could just ONE thing not be a fight today?.. Is that really too much to ask? let's chat about education shall we? And how unhelpful the govt are/have been? Well, after submitting numerous times I have no idea if I got a ticket to I hope it wasn't an hour wasted! If this virtual memory gets any lower, it might win the technology limbo contest I have the worst luck with hairdressers and gynecologists. They either move, die or become tiny dog trainers. I had to put in my credit card info in 12 times! Each time the wheel spun &amp; stopped on the same page.Do I have tix??? you guys need to work on your bus time and the app! I waited for 20mins under the sun and no bus to be seen. Math makes me rethink the meaning of life. How to discipline your when your got lazy bugs crawling all over?? : Gotta come up with $280 flippin dollars what they act like I can just pull this shit out my ass hell Man.. Feeling so guilty.. Wanna go to school but not feeling the greatest at all got assignments due please don't make me hate my job.. This is why I can't have nice things That Bomb Terroists Should be hanged On Day 1 of Catching !! No more Judgements nd Enquiry Issues.. :( I am already on probation....i don't need this SHIT! Right now myluck I hate when I forget where I put my glucose monitors. I can't find any of my 3 colored ones. MY PHONE HAS CALLED 5 PEOPLE TODAY! On the realist level she's sucks in bed I need a freak.... Worst customer service from today. I've had a package for 4 months still not return to sender. But we all know my boobs are too big to ever really be Blair Buying North Coast tickets is almost as stressful as buying Lolla tickets.. If you like that school so much, then why don't you go back? Tests stress me out.... Why do we even have them in the first place???????? Why is it so hard to find a car you want? I'm getting lag/freezes on some stuff, sometimes it's like the controller isn't responding on some apps... god damn, Now I don't know what to do.. Leave it to me to run into a storm drain and pop my tire! always expect the worst and be prepared 4 it so when it comes less than the expected u wouldn't be so much Throbbing headache. I've already took ibuprofen. Not working!!! Urghh. Feeling Blog post on its way tomorrow. Laptop issues have set me back a little. Need a keyboard for the mini iPad. Getting my thesis printed has been more of a process than actually writing it All morning spent waiting for the plumber to arrive only for them to cancel and reschedule me for tomorrow i am listening to the song "mai kitna tanha tanha lonely lonely" not coz i like this shit but coz i am had ur service for 10 years loved it but now its not reliable gps rarely works browser is beyond slow data is faulty Why does something stupid always stop me from going about my day smoothly? Why yes, computer, this is an absolutely IDEAL time for you to decide not to work. ANOTHER 6 join the athlete waiting lists today.... Can't wait to finish the 2nd term quickly. I don't think I can bear this anymore ._. When your daughter insists on being on twitter instead of paying attention at school. I swear my chase mobile app deposit a check anywhere NEVER works! Its so frustrating. . I have one song that is possibly thing ive ever written but i just cant seem to make a great out it a rumor says that the wedding was in someon's dream... But who knows? When will my generation stop being sheep? How do I update this stinkin' new snapchat Mums brick phone broke, so I have her my old samsung touch... Technology and phones have changed so much in the last 5 years. When you think that what you do is too hard for someone else to learn, then maybe you should reach out to help. geez I need to stop getting my hopes up Trying to study while my "neighbor" eats chips and chews with her mouth open Over 1 hour on hold and still waiting..not a toll free call either! This is not good! I hate this Motorway whatever it is there's always so much traffic I guess OU is going to Dogs. When will I be good enough? London has officially been a nightmare to drive through today Can't you get more complicated I think I just need to disappear for a while. See who even bothers noticing Does anyone else hit the "i" instead of "o" on your keypad? These Real Estate tests make me want to throw my computer out the window. thank you for calling that out! Question is. Do I matter?? I hope so...whenever I think about it,I feel like I'm invisible :( Let's change it all for one. No concessions were made for me or my birthday but I'm adaptable. Why is the chat on snapchat not working So that new snapchat update....WHY IS IT NOT IN THE APP STORE YET???? a complete disgrace. The entire organization needs a major change You can't help those who are not willing to help themselves. "God never gives you more than you can handle." Perhaps He has mistaken me for someone else? Why does Netflix keep taking seasons off of shows today? I think that just took down a show that I was in the middle of watching???!!!! You people are 40 years old, stop acting like a damn teenager trying to start drama. Why does everything on netflix work, but the show I want to watch? I can't deal with Toronto politics anymore. I'll help you out , don't worry I'll be there for you but when I need you where the fuck are you ? Called Blu &amp; spoke to lovely chap, sadly he couldn't do anything for me. Taking over 2013 Prius lease.Haven't received paperwork yet that Toyota Financial said sent last week. Good thing the black guy by me is wearing ear plugs cause I've yelled nigger about 20 times All I can do is try but i will never understand my mother. could something be done about having to set player regions for DVD Player on macs? I need to test my dvd's for class. I'm about to go knock out for an hour, then run for forever. "shut up, no bitch you shut up. STFU" ughhhhh Does it get any worse than your work help backing out on you at the 12th hour? After spending over $600 on textbooks this semester, I only got $17 back I have a concentration level of a 4-year-old!! Gosh!! I just can't!! :-( Another day of training missed due to injury. I can almost feel myself falling out of shape! Bummer! Enrolling should be easier the 2nd time you have to do it. I don't understand why it's so complicated!!! Got all dressed up and everything. Make sense of one's life is exhausting and overwhelming Those dreams you just can't shake This is ridiculous. You only need to do this one thing. How hard is it? Why must I be so big &amp; manly?!! I smash &amp; break everything, everywhere I go!! Breath in.... Breath out.... and just suffocate yourself because life isn't worth it.... Hello workout. you are needed What happened to Season 6 of gossip girl on netflix? It was there one minute and the next it is gone. why do CCEA not put all past papers online??? You get to a point where you get tired of waiting around for life to happen! Why aren't titles available to be played instantly anymore? Seen as you broken them up into seasons, e.g. Ugly betty! Why is chrome always changing my search engine to yahoo?! Should be working but I'm on a rant Okay, what is the actual size of the new Twitter profile header? Why cant people resond to txt messages? Its not that hard! Of course the one day I want to sit home alone there are extra people here and I have to work. I hate it when I can talk about a situation but when I try to write a song out of it I can't It's really hard trying to speak to someone who dosent understand english Ugh too early in the day to have a headache ! Argh!! Steam won't let me log in.... I feel so stuck. Absolutely hate it. I see you looking at me but why won't you talk to me...? My pc has reset itself over 50 times in the last few hours. Gonna take a sledgehammer to it in a bit Why do people ask you for advice, then either ignore it, or worse, do the exact opposite I can't wait for bag class. I'm so happy my arm has healed &amp; feeling much better-- i NEED this tonight! Only took like a week being back to start feeling shitty again. I love how none of my "friends" never ask me if I want or need anything. I'm over holding everyone else down. And of course I didn't have enough time to finish. Fuck!! WHY DO I HAVE SO MANY BREAKABLE THINGS THAT I CANT JUST THROW IN BAGS!? On my way home for my sister's wedding and gifts me a 5 hour flight delay. I should be at home with my family! How come when a Foreigner dyes her hair it's gorgeous, sexy etc, &amp; and when an Egyptian dyes it, well, it's awfully heinous?! When did work become It would be nice if just once in my life family could come 1st! Your website is not allowing me to use RR points to book a flight. Can you please solve this somehow? What's going on with Loads of show have gone missing. Need a gig out of this town of good customer service and what that looks like! If I see one more C+ I might strangle someone.. Why do I always have to text you first can't we work together to become like we use to be Nope! I keep getting through to useless people who can't help! ARGH! Have had to come to my in-laws! I hate math class because I was having a fantastic day until I walked into this room with or without the web? Adulthood sucks and I highly suggest never growing up. I could really use a run right now... We are bending over backward to make my sister's graduation special and she is being SUCH a bitch. Ugh. Time to change management Still can`t believe what I read in your 2013 results. Better sell the whole company! Snapchats new update looks pretty cool... To bad it won't let me update it The moments when you spend more time waiting for a page to load than you do looking at the content! Taking tests when you can't even think straight Why won't my app update to the new version?! I want to try the Chat!! Everything I say its like ur not even interested This is the longest hour and 15 minutes of my life. We started the class with our teacher saying we'd get 25 minutes for the test, he now says we only need 10.. anyone else using and have their dashboards just randomly deleted? 3rd time now.. Why does everything have to take so fucking long Make that 50% of the time. What a bloody day! Glad that's over Last month of my contract and my father falls ill while im all the way in America. Fml. Literally tried on every single dress I own.... When did they all become so ugly? Does anyone know how the fuck to get this new sbapchat! Been pissing me off all day! I have no confidence to public speak and it cost my partner and I some points hey, why can't I book tickets online for Saturday 3rd may?? Will only let me select group bookings How do u update the snapchat? Some people need to learn priorities.. I'm in Oshawa but i's going to take me 1.5 hours to get home by bus. Fuck all I wanna do is focus. And seems thats the only thing I cant do Thanks your "no customer service" just added more stress onto a grieving widow just trying to close an HSA account. This guy may be attractive, but him doubting me, not so much. Why'd I left them mess with the printer software on my computer? Now I keep getting an "unable to print" pop up. I hate when I have so much that I need to do that I can't fucking figure out where to start... Surgery consultation date confirmed....one step closer to pulling on my running shoes Yesterday showdown was down. Today I suck at Pokmon. This world doesnt want me to do live comms. I cannot wait to get to the good thing on the other side of this situation. Just tryna live my life Everything is soo confusing now, where do I even go to school! Mun, stfx or cbu?! Done something I know I will regret later.. When you have no idea what to do... How do you upgrade snapchat??? Why did my computer decide it needed to update during class? If you are gonna waste my time for a total of on hour and thirty minutes, the least you could do is buy something! Ict coursework due in tomorrow and I've not even done half of it omg so stressed:(:'( probably gonna get U argggghhh I did... I wonder if I could bake it in the grill... How about you get up off your ass and do something... Today calls for a beer Today is not going the way I planned.. Scales are officially the worst thing ever invented. Especially when they're 4 octaves Hate being ignored, don't know why i even bother sometimes! Ughhh I really don't know what to do about this job, not at all It's so convenient that MGE is going to shut off my gas due to a mistake and their system has been down every time I've called Putting effort in and getting nowhere too bad that no one is able to honor this promo that was emailed to me today Why is AT&amp;T so terrible this story is getting old Officially disappointed w/my shoes I bought at Academy. On my 2nd pair of the same shoe &amp; these are messed up too. this story is getting old this story is getting old Gonna throw my freeview box through the tv in a min!!!!!! I'm squeezing my eyes really hard trying to see something. But alas, no luck LOL I hate when my mom volunteers me for stuff without talking to me about it first. These cloudy cold days are getting old! Where's the warm sunny weather?! Why is it all the good coupons I try to print something happens and the not so important ones have no issues?! I really need my bank to get it together. When a woman no longer gets and with U, U can almost that she doesn't anymore! Someone explain to me how men can be so terribly inept with phones... THEY EXIST SO YOU CAN COMMUNICATE WITH OTHER HUMANS Maybe if I was actually good at skateboarding It's really annoying when I am still called my older brothers name and he isn't even this state right now GRRR!!!! I need out of this house! Can't wait til I can move out! :( I am so done with school Fuck Thermochemistry :( I'll never be able to to those calculations! Why is finding a dress so freaking hard! yep, that's me NOT in the webinar, sitting in the corner because an error. I am going need a personal assistant to manage 7263684 passwords I just created. Eeeek. Anyone?? What a pain! Boys are so dumb....I swear!!!!!!!! 45/51. If it were for one more point I could have gotten an A. Feeling ill and bored beyond belief -_- So am I ever going to get a good grade on a World History test? Dear god of Adnams, wtf is wrong with FB tonight? Why does this have to be so complicated! dear windows 8 I do not like this new up date Can't find shitty info that I want Too to smile for this pic!!!! Being in bed all weeks got me feeling like a fat lard When you don't know what someone wants from you ugghh Why the fuck doesn't my snapchat update :O In the words of and Homer Simpson respectively, "fuck this shit" and "urge to kill rising". I absolutely despise math somedays especially when I can't remember how do do despite doing it before I lost my voice, again. Cold be gone! How am I supposed to order my prints from the app if it keeps closing on me? I can't catch a break with this freaking traffic. These patients make me wanna do some fucking hard core drugs! Ughhh we had 90 minutes to score 1 goal only and we failed!! Called one number 15 times and NOT one call went through you NEED to do better. supposed i had an emergency? Knowing you're going to be stuck in traffic over an hr is the worst feeling ever Ug. I could be working! Making moola... but no... I hate it when it is sunny outside and raining why is a flight at 4pm (#139) ahead of our flight scheduled at 1:30pm (#135). No but seriously what is Chemistry? Maybe I would enjoy this snapchat update if it worked... Okay internet. You choose now to not work while I'm trying to watch a show! UGH!!!!!! Who has so much brain activity at 5:18 am anyways???as in seriously mazola groundnut oil, burgers, uncle bens Mexican style rice (constantly) and today cannelloni for example Whoever said bad things come in 3s was a complete liar, can't be dealing with this The alternate ending to Sucker Punch makes me so upset because it's SO GOOD it should have been the actual ending. Someone needs to help me pick out clothes!!! Someone please explain to my mother that curly hair is not supposed to be brushed. how come the April 30th podcast you posted is just a repeat of the 29th? You did do a new show on April 30, right? I love and hate picking out songs for competition! I don't like the new snapchat update! need to reconsider who she's giving money away to. Your couple's apt didn't look like they need $10k! Ugh 0.25 away from an a- I just need to pee in a cup what's taking so long!!!! if you dont get it then maybe you should get a job and get first hand experience -_- Ugh what is wrong with Netflix?!?!?! Cleaning with Owen here is a joke. Running doesn't make it go away but it makes it easy for me to deal w/ it all frm a far!!! why won't your booking system let me book a ticket? Tried two cards, system error, second night in a row Hey sweetie, maybe don't release an update next time until it works? Thanks. :) I really can't calm down tonight.. Just got my weekly dose of "I'm not going into the right field of study" When were together you're always on your phone. Then why do my texts go unread when I'm not there. People in Philadelphia need to learn how to use turn signals.... or just learn how to drive in general Well... Didn't pass the drivers ed test... Shoot me... Please... Just shoot me :P Don't these people think that the new measure and methodology might actually be more accurate and appropriate? Hate being having to keep my mouth shut The new snapchat is very frustrating. finally reached item 500 of 900 goods, clicked an item, then clicked back, and was taken back to item 1! When you are so invested in a show and you don't know how to deal with the nonsense that is happening to it. Only just found that do oats and I've been a customer for how long now?... -.- I finally reached item 500 of 900 goods, clicked an item, then clicked back, and was taken back to item 1! Don't even want to go to prom anymore Wishing I was in this airport to leave on vacation instead of working the flight. Even in the quiet section of the library people feel the need to scream and laugh... it is thru Westin vacation services for Westin Ka'anapali Trying to say thunder guards into our phones it doesn't work Why can no one on hold a piping bag? I hate when mines the only phone that can't pick up wifi from a building.. Yet everyone around me has it I don't understand why this stuff is so easy for a lot of people. Why can't I be good at anything.. From over two months behind on everything to all caught up with over $1500 to spare. Maybe I'll visit my girlfr...oh...yeah. &lt;/3 My dad is so materialistic it's ridiculous . The fact that you were back at school and couldn't respond to my email My body is tired but my brain won't shut up! I've had $700+ taken from my account on dating sites, hair treatments, and craigslist charges that weren't made by me Constantly arguing with the kids is physically exhausting. Don't know how much more I can take. New name for one of my housemates; Trailblazer because of the amount of shite he leaves behind him around the house. Downloaded the snapchat update and can't figure out the new chatting feature. Oh ok. Ah!!!.....All you debby downers, need to stop spreading your negativity to others. It's Ahhhhhh I've had enough again, good night / I don't think I've ever heard a question actually answered on you! Why does this have to be so difficult. Sooooo XSplit is seriously not even loading up Twitter is supposed to be my escape from drama!!!!!!! Aaaarrrrrrgggg When it rains it pours...life is just depressing. :( I worry about my sisters all the time . Having one of those days where nothing seems to be going right I hate the new Pinterest update. Nothing comes up when you search. Not ready for today's practice. Opened On the Road ch18 doc to write...and totally forgot what I came up with yesterday. I will never understand people who cheat. It affects so many people, not just the person you cheated on These Real Estate tests make me want to throw my computer out the window. I'm not one to wish life away... But today can be over with annnny time now. cant seem to get this eyeshadow how i want Just love driving all through Huntsville/Madison looking for a pharmacy that has my adderrall. Why can't people just get one thing right Not sure if I should cry or scream That moment when Subway doesn't have cheese....LIKE WHAT THE HELL?!?! finding a job should not be this hard. AND on top of all of the aforementioned things... YOU DONT GRADE ANYTHING!!! So mad that I pulled my hamstring at our game You can move out anytime now!!! When Aladdin expects too much from his genie Alberta really needs to jump on board with half the other provinces and run/standardize car insurance and registration Bout to drink some beers and cool it whose joining? I need someone to eat me out right now. Fairy godmothers can't grant all your wishes after all Trying to talk to a real person at Talking to robots isn't as fun as it seems. Nothing is going my way today! Argh!!! 2 nights in a row that I've been on hold for 40 mins or more on your helpline.Implement the call back feature! please stop moving product around in you stores. I cant find anything. Makes me want to go to Not bad when we had to build it from the box, lol Hmmmph mschew - that's how I feel about Nigeria right now.... You will not kill us Graduate scheme jobs are so hard to get on :( Cleaning these rims is too much of a hassle!! Aaaaargh!!!!!!!!!! The colour wheel of death. right now can I just be successful at something for once? Oh ya know.... Just ANOTHER friend prego... WHATS NEW!!!! SUCKS I have a college education and can't figure out how to live snapchat What to do? Just gotta do me and keep working hard Pissed off is not the right word for how I'm feeling right at this minute Why can't I figure out the live chat for New snapchat thing.... Not cool! I have no idea what im doing! Everyone thinks I'm thee "Biggest BRAT" in the world......I'm I really that mean?? All I do is tell it like it is! Figuring out how to decorate my graduation cap is more stressful than studying for finals Why can't you see that id actually be a guy that cared about you? I hate how slow the internet on my computer is ugh Having one of those days where I just need a hug Remind me to never think a 550 piece puzzle is easy... Why do I cover people when they need a shift covered...but when I need one they cant do it! Tonight is one of those nights where I have so much on my mind it's ridiculous Why do people have to ruin things for everyone else? When my mind does not grasp the simple concept that is sleep I don't know why people take their anger out on you as if you're the cause. You are literally testing every single last one of my nerves! Seriously annoyed of cell phones and the crappy service I alwayyssss have. If something crashes for the 30th time in a row, you best believe it'll be flying against a wall My laptop decides to crash when I have 100 projects to do If you could stop popping up in my head that would be great. K, thanks. Back up you iTunes music. Now. No lie. Just got rear ended by a guy on a Harley. Haven't even mad my first payment yet. Oh OK internet perfect time to stop working. Don't worry biggest paper of my life isn't due tomorrow or anything. New snapchat is so confusing Is it me or do some people just piss you off!!!! sorry Chris! It never stops, I have I head back to my hotel and deal with some work stuff. I'm really sorry! Any updates on the app.mine keeps failing Doing the fucking most right now. UGH! Another maintenance issue on this plane... Wow! I just want to get back home I just want to punch you in the face. Just stop being annoying.... Incredibly horny, had a boner for 3 hours, can't sleep, wish my pup was here :-( Why do I always crave bad foods when I'm stressed? What do you do when your 9 year old dog has in the last year started barking consistently when you are not home?! getting to a point where I want to . Why? All because of money. I hate money, I've always hated it. Got an 80% on an exam I studied ALL weekend/week for and was so confident on. Of course my professor decides to give us a last minute assignment. Ugh! Cant wait til this class is over Night just went from great to worse! Why is it so hard to find someone to like me Curious why I'm exhausted all day but when it's time for bed I'm wide awake. :-( The moment your batteries die and you can't find any!!! For TWO of my classes I was one percent away from an A- Life is like a box of chocolates... Fuck chocolates Why the fuck am I awake again. I really hate when someone opens my snapchat and doesn't respond when I really want them to :( mistakes are great, I just can't seem to learn from mine When you think your ex's friend is kind of cute but you can't do anything about it&lt; Excuses are for the ones who need them most!! How can I be tired all day long but then when I go to bed I can't sleep! Why is this so hard to find. I should have a fishing jam. It shall be "The One That Got Away." Why do we play games... Can't find the right words sometimes. I just feel like really snappin right now I don't care for hair at all and everybody in my family know that but for some strange reason the ish keep growing Damn you rain! I wanna go for a walk! Grr.... Do I have, 'insult me' written on my forehead today?! Oh wow, ur douchness is so annoying like stop doing this to me. Ughhh. I hate it when you twist my words around What could be polishing off my tiny seedlings of lettuce &amp; spring onions?? Any ideas ?? How am I wide awake already but still feel tired! Wanna talk to my friend and tell her boy drama but can't cause her phone got taken away Trying to kill a stupid fly is a mission Since when does melatonin NOT work? It says something about western civilization that there are those of us that can't pee directly into the toilet bowl. heat is at peak and its not even june yet Being awake is not helping right now Unable to post new content on the KenyanAviation website due to power cuts. So I just freakin DESTROYED my computer charger! dude you've had that for almost three days you could've had it done by now! Sometimes I feel good to just yell and let all of the emotions out. Day 2 &amp; still no phones Be a dear &amp; drop us an email as you cant call us! Damn, I think I hit the point where I'm not even mad anymore, just wondering why I keep inviting shit ass people to things. Wondered what is was. Been stuck on Mnt Pleasant flyer for 20 mins so far! sore mate. Walking though so not a bad as thought. Got to have acl recon again though, graft is loose It'd be great if these stupid nightmares would go away. Idk what else to fucking do. Why was calculus so much easier in high school? That moment when you're thinking about someone and they you or text you Come on answer my call and let me buy tickets please!! inlondon I need to have sex at least once a week or else I'll be sexually frustrated Come on answer my call please and let me buy my final tickets in London with now I guess I have to travel without ticket... Using sucks on my fire. I'm scared that my tragus piercing is rejecting but I honestly can't tell. :( How am I supposed to sleep when it's still hot as hell right now? I know 71 degrees is nothing but damn... Why'd she have to die?!?!?!?! For the 3rd year in a row I didnt in the and cant in the even if my sister is !! :( my phone is acting up now I'm going to have to go get it fixed Why do things have to go wrong with IT before 9am...? My body is refusing to let me sleep Why is it that you have advertised new phones as May specials, and none of your stores or headoffice has stock of them? Trying to start a is the most thing I have ever done. I swear, Satan himself created and he laughs every time we fail miserably. Told 8 days ago a letter will be sent in 2 - 3 days. Still waiting No matter how many times I toss and turn, I can't fall asleep Why am I always the last one at this school to register for classes? since lastupgrade lost all contacts have tried to reload googlemail and wont load contacts/calender Intensity of summer heat: &gt;&gt;&gt; oh no I am in the Midlands at a hen do that weekend. This is the third time in a row I am away when you are at Westow. Y do ppl nt understand that if u ave a child they always come first I and getting my tenses all in a knot. D.S. Why is it when my kids make a mess of throwing up, its always in the middle of the night?! Day 4 on the phone to and still my account is not working properly. When the one person you dont think will turn on you does ... for another person -.- Wish there were more organisations to help women struggling with porn without it being religious. Dear internet land: What the hell is One Drive, where did you spring from &amp; what have you done with my usual photo files???! Apparently everyone wants to go to the cricket How can new terminal be so inefficient with security at 5am.. hate to see it when its busy Give me the patience to not punch his cousins in the face!!! LOL These Real Estate tests make me want to throw my computer out the window. How come when you need taxis to hurry up they never come in time, but when your early their there straight away!! Never try to please Heather because you will never win. You get told to attended your hospital appt 10 min before your appt time, why? When they just make you wait Tried to upload a video over night I just checked it and it has 1476 minutes left! The good news is that it was 59% done! Ang lupit ng filtering ng Suits for their season finale ok.. i am officially close to my boiling point... I ordered a brick 2days ago. no confirmation email... and when I phone it just tells me you are unavailable.. I'd like to be but the app in is in Italian! Stupid poison ivy! I'm so itchy it hurts and I'm not going to school ... can melt anything. I quickly looked nonchanlant. She sat down behind me. I turned to her and the dream ends. damm it. So much to do &amp; restricted cuz of my back.. Hate being in pain.. Flight 301LGA 2 ORD has been disturbed.Problem w/unaccountable passenger.All had 2 b removed Flight 301 LGA to ORD boarding issue. I hope I will make a connection. Still upset about the clippers loss... Dear You make a lot of great products. iTunes is not one of them. You know when women say they have nothing to wear? I really haven't!! Can't find what I want! My teacher treats me like I'm a stupid little kid. Get your info right before you try to teach me a lesson Having problems activating my sim and topping up, seems to be a common fault with other users aswell This game between Carlton and Collingwood was built up to be a blockbuster. It's boring as all hell. I've made it so complicated, it's taking forever! I want to get the blue started!!!! How am I suppose to secure residence or plan my courses when I'm still waiting on Oooh pet peeve of the day... If a publisher is advertising open submissions, please tell writers once it has closed! Customer service in is truly far below average. Surprised they even call it 'service' Why is it that SO often the outer cash machines branch don't provide mini statements? Often not working Don't you hate those clothes that look like they have pockets and when you try to to put your hand in the pocket it's not there This day started out great but now.. Mm, not even nice anymore. -.- If I would've been given my car back none of this would fucking happen I wonder how the deer around my house would survive if they didn't have my plants to eat... Should of been looking at a 80 point win I'm sick of people calling my job at home depot a "real job", pretty much saying teaching lessons isn't a "real job" An opportunity missed coz of commitments :( :) Design in my head looked lovely. On my nails? Not a hope! Why can't English motorways handle traffic... Go ahead and think what you want. I told you the truth and there's not much more I can do at this point. Still waiting to do my jump... Taking so long! Come one weather!!! Don't criticize how I live my life when you're the one who walked out of it this is driving me crazy! I know what it is and can't even get it to ring never mind being caller ninety-freakin-six! I know. So much in the head!!! They have the skills!! So annoying!!! So many emotions are going through me right now.....I don't even know what to do.... its been 36 hours now and still no freaking response from your support team!! Waiting for a ring from faze four for 2 months is just unacceptable! What's so hard about telling me you have to go potty... Oh my gosshhhhhh woosah Corrupt SD-card on my Samsung S4 AGAIN (2nd in one month), and all data is lost. What is wrong? power has been off for about 4 hours. How long will it still be off? Computer program problems today!!! PDF program is not picking up my printer!!! ive also lost my print to PDF program.. Damn I hate it when i'm just about to win a fight with my sister... when my mom steps in.... ughhhh rerouted 5 times(twice to the same department),disconnected once ,and then being told I must phone again Sunday went for run this morning. Now waiting for a parcel to be delivered It Would Be cool if people stopped reposting my art or using it as icons withOut telling me Well what a long morning. I will give you 2 hours to finish up your final report in class, but first let me talk to you for an hour and a half Currently so stressed I can barely handle running 5k You are probably the most annoying person I have ever met in my entire life. Can't stop watching youtubers! to addicting Trying to have a bit of practise on the board but just can't settle. Just getting wound up I really don't need this right now Anyone know where Manage Permissions went on Facebook Admin page? Trying to stop comment ability on school FB page. Is it really too much to ask for to have a computer that is fast as me? So...my 3 month old computer is spazzing out. What do I do I can't just send it back cuz I need it for school. 10am and the first break cant come soon enough! Let me know too, I was curious about that too. And about VIP. Can't seem to get an answer Okumafest and golden week are going on and I'm just chilling in my room... Why are so much of the on And why can't TNT make a decent mobile sports viewing app like Not in the mood to deal with any shit from my English prof. today. i cant get it to work :/ Got 7.76 in classic mode on piano tiles the other day and havnt come close since I am just so stressed. Nothing is working like it's supposed to.. Stress has taken away my appetite! Its been 2 weeks back to me! I have food that needs eating! i think its time for a bug fix i cant even open the APP anymore since the new update. Literally all I want right now is a slice of pizza, a cherry Pepsi, a good movie and my bed I can't get the new snapchat update live chat thing working. I've had enough. Today is the final straw. It's time i wake up and start to look for a new career. are you guys on leave, why you not answering your phones I've been calling 808 for the past 5 days and I get no response. Why is today soooo damn hard and annoyin! Stated as SA's top program: Discovery Vitality-why can't u handle cust svc queries-with single view of yr loyal cust? Every time one of your supposed classic rock songs comes on I switch to a real rock station. Farfalle worn total 9 days, soles coming away twice, apparently way I walk! struggling to change them! Middx st I have been on hold for so called Tech Support now for almost 20 mins? What kind of support is that? Embarrassed as to how bad this essay I'm writing is. Why can't senior year be over? Exp multiple crashes in ZTMR 10.10.4.222 on Win8.1 on x3 diffrent machines, when running DocReader and App-Reader Finding a good and affordable truck is sooooo hard! Worn out looking for a way out of paying 44klevy to build a home for my family! Anyone got a lend before I tear my hair out Why is it so hard to find age appropriate clothing for petite women that fit and aren't a million dollars?! In need of some major encouragement today. I failed part of the physical and I've got two weeks before my second shot. Stay classy his brother is your next goaler Trying to get a two yr old to listen to u is like pulling teeth... Beyonc and jay z concert day before my bday and the day after my bday and I don't have tickets to either damn blind, or stuck in the past to see it. Want to scream in everyone's faces It would appear as though nobody wants to answer my calls today. The bank holiday weekend hasn't started yet people. On hold with benefits services, of which I'm positive has two employees giving me different names each time they transfer me. Also I can't believe how blimey slow my phone is! And all those stupid updates! Wrrr! If it isn't one thing it's another ughhh Well nice to know about all of this after I just moved everything down here.. If it ain't one thing it's another. The weather this morn matches my mood dark and miserable misery loves company If Nicole does not make me a blonde next time I go to have my hair done, I am not going to her ever again It makes it really hard to work on the yearbook when the pictures won't upload Actually can't stand bra shopping Does anyone at Shawnee know how to be on time? Like seriously.. Having to settle for a semester GPA of 3.84... Just sent an email that I'm not sure will do me any good or backfire. Can't believe actually cried :''''D I need a punching bag. Now. Can I be done now?? why must I be sick today?? Training is boring... CAN I JUST MAKE MONEY ALREADY, I KNOW THIS SERVING STUFF! Can anyone tell me how Salamander ended? I forgot to record the last 2 episodes! No voice and working with kids DOES NOT go well together Mailed stuff to collin college and they already lost it... Can the weather get nice enough so I can take the bike out. BOXSPIN tonight is much needed....by me! 530-630pm...it's going to kick butt! I hate when old ppl try talking to me. First they can never take the hint that the convo is over and second they cant even hear Just shattered my iPhone screen. Awesome. I always new I'd a bad temper but this new snapchat brings syco to another level When I ask you a question about how to do something I want you to teach me, not be an asshole and criticize me Well that seems to always happen Sometimes I don't know what to say anymore because it would be completely in vain I hate it when people expect you to do something while you're asleep.. Lordy lordy, new flag blade won't behave,don't think it should look like this Ruin my whole freaking day why don't you. Lesson that has been learned the hard way at my work the last week: KEEP YOUR PERSONAL LIFE SEPARATE FROM YOUR WORK LIFE I hope God send someone to give me this shoes. Everyone sees it including your best friend OPEN YOUR DAMN EYES When a parent doesn't let you handle a situation before jumping in... i freaking love you dude x Need help w/ questions about radiation and EMFs. Called cust service about 10 times. Keep getting passed around. i want to share something pero wala koy ma-sharan. ugghhh The technician found the issue and charged $400, yet Amanda is saying they want to repair a tv that is smoking. everyone is asleep and I can't complain about not being about to sleep. Switch to a paperless form for surveys. Faster, easier, and more useful. I'm about to join these kids playing go fish on floor How many more years will I be pulled along for? Will I ever be able to aerial invert?! The scoring scale on the new MCAT sounds so much better. Why couldn't they have that MCAT now? Fed up of people making comments about my weight and how much money I have Who puts an empty milk jug back in the fridge... Trying to be infinitely patient w/ on my as it slows down my computer &amp; my productivity. but positive Being in the middle sucks I've placed SIX orders for DSL with a live person at AT&amp;T &amp; they've lost all 6 orders. 20 ppl can't figure it out JUst because a song is played with REAL instruments DOES NOT MEAN IT IS CLASSICAL MUSIC. GET TF OUT O HERE. I thought I was going to be able to take me exam today but apparently that has to wait till tomorrow. The technician found the issue and charged $400, yet Amanda is saying they want to repair a tv that is smoking. I feel like nothing is good enough anymore. That goes for everything... Can't Leave Dis House Without Dhese Keys I really strongly dislike each and every one of you right now. I've been up for over 2 hrs. My trip companions? Still sawing logs. I literally been to the rmv 3 different times and still haven't gotten my ID cause they need all this info bullshit. Just been sent a broken pair of headphones.. Waited ages for them.. Xbox live is having trouble I hate waking up like this.....ND it just keep happening The kid who isn't answering my emails is sitting in front of me in class rn...resisting the urge to become a total bitch What a horrible day! It's like everyone at college got together just to piss me off! I swear on everything I need to give my mom a makeover... And the award for slowest internet making it impossible to do your homework goes to BGSU. I'm sick of hearing people complain about how they don't want to run when I would do anything to just go on a jog! Ever feel embarrassed by how anxiety etc affects you? I do today. I don't get why this always happens to me... Trying to get an EA Sports account working with Fifa14 ultimate team is proving impossible Since I got my IUD taken out I've had such a bad temper, feeling15 again College is so stressful. Its like you work your butt off but you can't see the results until a few years down the road. People are stupid. That is all. Just when you get a load of 'to-dos' done, they make a whole new load! Asked for a trim at the hairdressers and come away with short hair Energy levels are down I'm tryna maintain God... you're so not worth it Steinbach drivers are so fucking stupid Ugh!! Flappy birds can sure make u wanna throw ur phone on the floor!!! I cannot, for the life of me, figure out this stupid login loop in 2.8.1. Every time I try to set up a tattoo appt with it says the email address is invalid Woah sass on 10 today WHY would you bring a loud tour group of middle schoolers to eat in a common study area in the middle of exams? I'm literally going to chuck my phone across the room!! I need more money to go shopping bc right now I don't like any of my clothes. am I seriously going to have to put up with this slow ass wifi all summer.... Inhale, exhale....don't say anything I'm going to regret! Before you are rude to a complete stranger, just think "hey, their day might be going a lot worse than mine" By the time I get back from class at 4 the internet better be working. Its the weekend before finals Get your shit together PBA About to get my blood drawn again. More tests. More waiting. Sitting doctor with Kirksi. Maybe if they had given her something yesterday we wouldn't b missing work &amp; school again. Nevermind. I get it now. What is going on that my new streaming stick is always rebooting. Seems mostly to do this with Netflix is there something going on with your site? I've been trying to check out for over 30 minutes Need some pussy not a pussy nigga fck around n get a chick wit a big stick I am so tired - News - Bubblews slow service yet again uggh need a new place for lunch.. At this rate, I don't think I'm ever going to get my new phone One of my neighbors is either skipping or having rough sex. Either way they're obnoxiously loud I don't think I can do this any longer dont know how much longer i can take this... i guess i just have to suck it up Fix your sub boxes! Thank you. has terrible hold times and self help tools...not looking forward to a year of their service. iPhone why must you delete all my contacts?!? You know how good your is when you leave office after 10 hours of torturous meeting Cell phones are a great thing. The stores and handlers are not... Is there an alternative to twitter ? Really I'm returning a call that I just got and now im being told ur out of the office til next friday wth... Everything that could possibly go wrong is going wrong today D: but if you cannot even get an appointment 3-4 days prior, then Not going to lie, that kind of ruined my mood. This fever needs to go away. You're annoying and frustrating and stupid and make no sense! Figure it out! I have a song stuck in my head and it is really fucking pissing me off because I have no idea what it is. Well apparently I can't get jaw surgery this fall so back to school in September I will go Tried that last night per what cust svc told me to do. Didn't work. Want to run over my NOOK with a very large truck. People condemn so much easier than they give credit. If they only knew the details, maybe it would reverse the trend. I always think of something cool to make at night right before I go to sleep and when I wake up I can never remember what it was This year, I want to THIS TLGA Seriously considering not turning up to some of my exams at this point I don't know how I've managed to work here so long and have not committed homicide. How many times do I have to tell you that I am a student teacher and am therefore at school all day every day? Can anyone else not get on today, it says the webpage is unavailable. so much cool tech out there for website design these days, so much of it is totes user un-friendly. grrrr Time is going verrrrry slow...this week is never gunna end Like she has everything in as zeros so that's not helping my grade!! Sight singing should not be that hard and yet anytime I audition or have a test I mess things up Fuck this 2 page introduction When there is a problem, you are suppose to work to solve it NOT IGNORE One of those days when nothing goes your way couldn't u have just stayed there a lil longer??? Damn u all. I have just been reminded why I hardly order from They are exasperating &amp; give conflicting info/directives. work is going to break me today Frustrate me enough and it just pushes me to the point of not even giving a crap. There is your warning Why is everyone telling the same thing This mission seems so impossible right now how does one live video on this new snapchat? trying my hardest to learn how to tie my shoes I really wish my keyboard on my phone would work....#Microphoneitis Lord I jus need a car.... Any car!!!! You tell me you don't like someone I will respect it and make changes, I don't see you doing the same. Sometimes I can't seem to find away out. I'm Belle Tire getting front &amp; back brakes. It's been 2 hours No wonder I think the way I do...u put me there. The boy is not where he belongs. It's alright I'll get my hours without the cafe one way or another Im not going to get screwed over screw the person who talked when has the NDP had as much influence as that which they just threw away? I absolutely DESPISE hunting for jobs. For crying out loud, someone hire me already, cause this is getting ridiculous! I hate packing all this by myself I took apart the dishwasher drain to remove a plastic piece that snapped off the top rack! It's wierd cos one day we're constantly talking the next you ignore me and it's not like I can say anything Some people really know how to annoy me Why is it so difficult to find decent flights to Tampa from SoCal?! 3 streets closed for road work, but no notice until after turning onto streets. sorry loves PLEASE increase the following limit Seattle raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour is terrible. this country is turning communist When you set a training at such an inconvenient time for so many people, make sure you show up on time. Registering for summer classes at community college is probably harder then the actually class It took me an extra 20 minutes to get home cause of all this damn traffic. And I'm talking about back roads. I'm so tired of chemistry, I don't get any of it!!! I'm so this totally stinks Completely over this lack of potty training!! I know he has special needs but damn! He knows better!!! I don't understand how someone can be so two faced and not have karma slap them in the face.... There is only so much anger I can convey thru my keyboard. Quit voting for bad politicians! Can't wait to get my shit back so that I can delete you from my life for good. Lost signal to all BBC channels here. Can't see snooker. Purposely declined frustration free packaging, yet they shipped it in frustration free packaging Went to Florida w/o our little guy for 2 1/2 days and now he is on a Any other nursing experience this? You actually drive me insane, like can you ever just stfu omg Every time I think I finally got everything figured out life decides to throw me a curve ball once again Srsly Is there any way to get Shred in UK? Oversight to forget this market and it's contents would blow rivals out. Establishment would much prefer the feckless &amp; drunken fools who were running Russia before Putin. Wanting to throw my phone at the wall, because i hate using the new snapchat! Everyone else gets a tweet from why not me???? Blaming all other medical inefficiencies... :( I no longer want to use snapchat ever again due to this update When you get that tickle in your ear that won't sod off!!!! Nothing like a day at work and almost getting bit 3 times Is 4 weeks without sex to long?? Baring in mind I'm married! Woke up $900 out of my account because my school loan decided just to take it all out, how nice of them not!!! Mizzou beat Bama last night. Ugh. Why is it raining again!! Why does my phone keep sending text messages! Feel like I'm dealing with everybody else's personal problems on top of all mine. My only concern right should be school I love being wrong,all the time. It just brings a certain amount of joy to my heart. Makes me all warm and fuzzy inside 12 out of the last 14 weeks iv spent injured and championship in a week. why does my car feel that it needs to constantly have problems? Not only did you give me a project during AP week but you gave me less time to do it I truly dislike boring! Tis a rut I seem to not be able to get out of once I fall! I guess that I'll have to build a bridge and get over it nothing ever goes the way I want it to Its better not to have internet connection at all than having slow connection Still haven't found a pic of the Men's Vets results board. Anyone seen one? Its like pullin teeth with him sometimes.. How is it possible &amp; permissible to "resell" a newly bought $96 concert ticket for $1000?!!! Sociology has even ruined family feud for me. Does every question have to be sexist?! hating this new snapchat update!! Only gone and lost my voice :( and I have to train the new manager in our shop! Mote taking it is then! i seriously just want to punch a flipping brick wall right now. I'd love to listen to my while studying for finals, but nope lost my shipment for repair If your coworker continually belittles you would you say something and risk it being weird or would you just fume inside? The only screenshot you're gonna get is one saying 'You Have Lost Connection With the Server" :( I hate when I accidentally read a convo I did not want to read Data usage alert... Curse you internet provider. I'm still relying on my mobile data. Needs this wifi fixed by yesterday why do you keep lagging omg ! so frustrating when you run the same time continuously in the 100....#ugh particularly all the thousands of victims who have not had the legal support needed to get their cases heard Wish Verizon could fix my damn internet. 2 full days of no connection and them having NO clue. For those of us that have a long torso we even look kind of slutty in one piece bathing suits! It's not our faults! Ready to get on home and enjoy my weekend! if train is going 1 mph conductors owes riders audible and frequent explanation. Will be extremely late at daycare pickup I want to watch on stream but nooo the little minis in my room playing mindcraft are being HELLA loud. Got rid of one problem just to be confronted with another flight ac1867 from Orlando to Toronto delayed again 7 hours due to windshield issue Screw you rain. Making me in a worse mood then i already am. 8 years is a good length between car accidents right? :/ I was actually having a good day. Now I just want the day to be over. Why cant people say how they feel instead of hiding from it 43% into black flag and the disc is unreadable. New disc. Way too much on my mind for this work night. Fucking Siri, WIRE you so useless? Fucking Siri. WIRE you so stupid? I'm wearing it in honor of the record right now can only get better I'm tired of the "opinions". I make the decisions in my life. If you don't like it, COOL, I'M NOT YOU. Ugh I hate loosing things Why am I just getting snaps from like 3 hrs ago? I'ma need my barber to come all up and thru this! Almost 5 hours at urgent care, and they still couldn't tell me what's wrong Trying to figure out this new snapchat update with but you're welcome for the $275 that I'm never getting back. Maybe use it to hire some people to answer the phone. I wish I knew what I was doing with my life How the hell do you use the updated snapchat I have applied to like 3 jobs, no one has called me back yet. DX Why am I forever trying to convince the world that everything is alright? If they cared 1/10th as much about the victims. The people who did not have a choice to be murdered. PLEASE give us back the cut and paste function in Windows 8! Very difficult to do APA papers without it!! The guy Z-Bo punched barely played this series until last night, he had 5 blks &amp; was guarding Z-Bo most of the night. Pretty negative experience so far Would love the front desk to answer and/or turn on hot water in our room!! what the fuck is happening Ohhhh so annoying when you can't put your finger on something I JUST NEED THE EMAIL TO COME SO I CAN SIGN UP FOR MY TEST Ever been hungry and not in the mood for anything? I wish I had a punching bag in my apartment Feeling a bomb ass workout coming on tonight. I'm not having kids anytime soon! please sort out lots of unhappy customers with no answers, u will lose customers going out with ya sister for the first time,she's only staring at the door waiting for her not-boyfriend to come Snapchat was already the most confusing app. Now they go and change it. I'm so sick of sending my resume to firms and getting my hopes up.... Do I really have to download all the content again when updating to the vst/au versions? Why no updaters? I can't shoot a darn turkey for all the mushroomers Aka trespassers I'm way too nice to some people who don't deserve it why do they have to make clothes in my size make me look either like my grandmother or a walking armchair? why havent been on the cover of yet ? Soooo ... After going out late afternoon in the cold with a sick Miss to buy nibbles and drinks - no one is coming now!! My dad thinks I'm like against him out something its so annoying and he wont even let me explain. you're adorable! Can we meet each other already! We have talked on the phone several times already! I wouldnt buy your bullshit. You aint worth a red cent. My friend needs to leave she's yelling and not at the game refs haven't been calling him for anything! I hate when people start texting you just to end up not replying back to you. If im out of the game for any longer i really gonna pull my hair out i love Competitive cod so much and i cant touch my xbox Gosh... I really need a job... I'm about giving up on tickets for Fenway that were supposed to be on sale today :/ Why do nails always seem to find their way into my tires...and in the most inconvenient times. Ya well the Bluejays have to have one of the worst bullpens in baseball. They have blown countless 7 inning leads. I hate when someone believes other peoples lies over you when you're telling the truth.. When can I move on from college? Answer: about 2 years. I've already been there fucking 4! Gosh... I really need a job... I am seriously so stupid. What do need to do to get a call Took me about a hour to get one contact in. My Mom Never Hurried Up I can't figure out how to work this snap chat update really? It's like what I say goes in one ear out the other....feeling It's almost impossible to get an on time flight anymore. I'm sorry for thoughts. Their so negative right now. Uuuugggghhh! Idk if this is worth it anymore... no vendors this year. Complain to the city. We keep trying every year. at the grocery store spending to much money on food brutal. Bad refs and no movement Like I'm still missing two marks. Get your shit together mta. It's like every other month I gotta call and their customer care doesn't even get what I'm saying! Some refs are soo bad. If you're not going to be good at your job don't do it. This has ruined my night I've got over 270 songs why do the same 5 keep playing? are ferocious. can't even get a good shot in. Just saw my report for yesterday and it collected wrong information though I kept my GPS turned on for it! same song and dance for 5 years now Looks like I'm gonna have to coach baseball next year. I'm about to Wifi won't connect to iPhone or iPad but I can watch Netflix AND be on computer. Anyone else ever regret ditching the dish and losing out on all sports... I just called THAT number and got the SAME RUNAROUND! How can I answer your questions if you won't answer mine! didn't solve the problem. I switched cables changed to 720 reset box &amp; cable box. Still no good Every night it's something new with the the Rangers haven't scored on the power play since the Clinton administration Details need worked out + you not answering= not a good combo!!!!! Still trying to figure out how to work with this situation Why can't you understand that what your doing isn't helping.... It's making it worse. iOS7 wallpaper scaling is dysfunctional, hurts my bones. I'm just tryna hit up this German food but there's a 20 min wait How the fuck do you work this new snapchat Honestly if you can't make time for me I'm going to quit making time for you. I'm putting this damn thing down and going out in the backyard to prune something For the person who leaves in the middle of the chat discussion we are having: The fuck man? Pedro can't even hit meatballs right now!!! UGH Why is my App just showing where people are pinning? I would much rather know what they are pinning. Not having my senior pictures available digitally is finally screwing me over When you do something wrong but no one tells you what it is I've been waiting for my ride for more than 20 minutes I don't like to be kept waiting Screw it im gonna go run anyways An emotional day! Not just the ups and downs but a look back and look forward. When people feel the need to come in at 8:50 and we close at 9 and then just keep shopping even once we are closed&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; I'm so sick of being the one blamed for this. I could care less what you do anymore. 9 hours of delays, numerous mechanical issues, and missing connecting flights to Spain, when will the problems end? Maybe it's just me... Oh well, it's gonna start again if this never end... I just want to SCREAM at the top of my lungs. How do you not show any interest when someone tells you that they have a problem and need to talk about it Why did I come home with no bud I have felt like crap for a week to where I just can't move. More tests to come. I have felt like crap for a week to where I just can't move. More tests to come. Why is this bothering me?! Why do I love a game where failure takes place 7 out of 10 times. 56474. I have run through the channels listed by 450 &amp; 9573. FSN says it was your decision not to air. I don't understand it either! I need to get out of this town and start over. New life, new job, new people. I'm not gonna be able to take it much longer. Someone please come grab me from the fucking bullshit place I hate being stuck here every weekend So my snapchat refuses to work and it's pissing me off Day 3 of no luggage, and they're STILL sitting in the Bangor Airport. not satisfied with my services I have been taught honesty is the best policy, guess being secretive is now Much needed after my shitty day. I was doing great.. now I'm ruined again. I'm so tired but I cant sleep .. what should I do !? you did not air the pregame at all -- you need to communicate w/ to get the correct info out It's sad how the people closest to you have the power to disappoint you the most. Nothing like ordering a computer to find out the graphics card doesn't work. Thanks Dell! Who even cares, u say I've changed. But u can't really truly change who u r, u r only influenced I can't even explain the pain I'm experiencing. I've been so irritated this last week! Never in my running career have I dealt with injury, looks like my luck just ran out. I refuse to attempt to carry on a conversation when you keep saying lol. i wanna watch spiderman 2! &gt;.&lt; Who's down to write a 10 page APA format paper for me?? I will pay you in a bunch of "THANK YOU's" lmfao I feel like you don't listen to a word I say Why, Lowes, do you order only one flat of Cherokee purple tomatoes and then say you won't reorder once that flat is empty?!?! I've been studying math all day, and it still makes no fucking sense to me. The Pens have lost in every OT game they've played in the playoff so far. Can you like NOT choke in the playoffs pens? Only took over an hour and 'second level' support and I'm finally up and running. Where was this guy when I first called?!?!?! Stupid program is teaching forever to write All I want to do is get in the car&amp;drive. I just need to get away from reality. Getting lots of bites fishing without any reward is worse than going out and not getting anything. Why am I even tripping about this! like seriously!! Trying to set up a business fb page. Getting very frustrated!! Dear Lord please help me keep my mouth shut. Having to keep my opinions to myself and from family sucks and is something I should have to do Only golf. Work hard and get no pay off. What a game. Gotta keep at it. When these companies make the microwave dinners do they realize how hard it is to replace the plastic cover with a slit in it My high school golf self would kick my college golf self if he knew how shitty I would play this tournament. How many people have had their flights delayed when flying with ??? i just want to feel better so i can hangout with people and have fun instead of just lay in bed all day. the only reason there is so much attention is because these mistakes are deciding so many games! It's starting to get to me I am so mad at Santos right now. Buck kinda jinxed it when he said the Pirates have 5 comeback wins this year. How many leads has this team blown away? Has to be about 5 by now. We should be above .500 Never going to Bellevue for dress shopping again No one is looking at my snapchats I can handle ads, and I can handle buffering, but when ads buffer my day is ruined I've been waiting for two hours now... That feeling when you put on effort and get nada back. It's so hard trying to find a long dress Why does everything close at 9 I think I could put up with the illness if I could use a "make-a-wish" on beating 2048 right now. I should probably just get a new iPhone... Can things work in my favor for once? When a site tells you you're not connected to the internet and you're definitely connected. I feel like you don't listen to a word I say When your mom makes stupid comments. Like really are you that stupid. Ditched once again... shows how much you say you care.. terrible. I can't wait around all night on the phone waiting for support! If I see another damn Scion I'm gonna scream!!!! I met a girl sometime ago and i want to talk to her more but i don't know why i can't. Agghhh This is what a mother daughter paperwork party looks like. hate needing or asking ppl for anything I just need someone to give me a chance. This is bullshit! I can't take it anymore Just filled out a 9 page application in the wrong format so I can't email it because it saves as blank. Just at the padre game were loosing 2-0 what else is new Completely shocked hearing about the bomb blasts here in Chennai. Sometimes im just at a loss for words... ugh Is today national ignore Tara day orrrrr Why must you make me a third wheel? Is today national ignore Tiara day orrrrr I'm sorry twitter.....I didn't mean to let her make me to get to the point of showing you my horrible side Twitter won't upload my pictures! I wish I could knock some sense into people .. Honestly at this point I need to either go smoke a bowl or go to sleep. I'm working myself up over nothing. i can never fall asleep when i'm exhausted.. it makes no sense! Why is defense such a lost art in the NBA Why can't it ever be easy? I feel like an absolute jerk magnet I can't install the last update and I can't play online because it what should I do Someone feed me, I'm losing weight AGAIN! What else am i supposed to do to break that 56? Wish people cared more about mental health that instead of just visiting the page almost 250 times, theyd donate as well. I really don't care at this point.... so why even bother making it gluten free if it's in a shared facility? I'm already stressed, your yelling only makes it worse.... Why does my every trip end up being cancelled? Okay yep I'm officially done I hate it when we don't talk. Can shit just work out the way I would like it to go:( Being sick sucks. I just want to be normal again. Granlund looks like he needs to look at some nudey mags. Saturday is here smile :) You know how good ur is when you leave office after 10 hours of torturous meetg So this new snapchat update has got me feeling some typa way. Why can't things just work right?? At this very moment it would have to be sleeping but it is impossible to me Okay I give up! I've spent all night trying to find this damn movie online and I can't find it anywhere! Ahhhh!!! I'm turning 23, not 40. I can still have a good time and still have a full time job. Dear Lord please help me keep my mouth shut. me all the time wants people to hate them..so it can commit suicide.. over 2g &amp; 3g pack validity time and rates.. Can I go back to the old after the update I can't open any video snaps People that don't support couples going to college together just need to shut up! So I beat my sister at FIFA the first two games. But then she beat me in the last one. Then she was like, alright going to bed. with computer problems. I don't know what to do. I hate when people can text you, but when you try to call them they won't answer. Taking my behind to bed.. Does anybody else hate the new snapchat or is it just me? Final paper in its sixth draft with a new argument, new formatting, and new information. Sears Canada rewards cards seem like a good idea at time of purchase, but redemption subject to lots of small print. Nothing like spending Friday evening in the ER with a head injury. I'm not talking down to you, I'm just pointing out the fact that you didn't do what you said you were going to I'm not a huge fan of decisions that leave me choosing between kids. Aborted by treadmill 3 times in 10min coz of power trips. Now I really MISS hard !! This stupid resting period and taking just slowly starts to be enough! Im about to push Tone off the fucking bed ! I just wanted to go have a beer man. Im about to push Tone off the fucking bed ! he must be snoring I wish a girl would! Morning. Server Error. Technical Issues AGAIN with mobile app. im a born grammar nazi i correct my own errors I hate how the Blazers just don't miss a shot in the 4th quarter allmost a month with how informations can be organised,still not getting to a perfect solution Why is communication so hard for some people? Someone fuking shoot me snapchat is pissing me off Why do I have so many things wrong with me That moment when you decide to give up on someone and then he does something cute and you don't know what to think anymore... My internet is messed up I'm actually so pissed the party got cancelled In times like these I wish I wasn't soo nice I can't work in this heat! FUCK Portland. I really do hope Dallas/ San Antonio crush their dreams of making it to finals. It's nice to have a pond, until your neighbor and all their friends fish it out.. I cant be the man you want me to be 24/7. Is it a crime to want some me time? I miss you tons. But please, let me have me time. If another person asks me if I saw that damn shot, I might just cut a bitch. I can honestly go for some right now lol Anger sure gets the best out of me, inured my ankle again. A lot needs to change with oomf It should not take me 10 minutes to try to change my PIN for my card. I just wanna be able to sleep! I don't understand why we went away from the threes in the second half. I don't think we had any in second half. not everything is about you.. Seriously, why can I not fall asleep? Reading some things just winds me up I couldn't draw worth a crap today. Just threw away a drawing of Starting over tomorrow. sort out your online payment. Not working. Of course something bad happens when things start going good *Sigh* I'm so good at giving other people advice on problems...but when it comes to my own problems I can't help myself. work is so difficult when everyone has really strong accents I cant believe it :/ Soo tired I am off to bed goodnight!! So far we haven't heard back. Our Reliance contact refuses to pick up. 84 Hours w/o internet. How on earth do I suppose to know how elements form a covalent bond????? Don't wanna fail on my chemistry exam Oh man... If I could just right now!!! Ugh so screw it. Just gonna recode all the new upcoming stuff to 720p. Still looks good and the outro card works now.... after going 2 store 4 4th time 2day &amp; having no luck I have now written u a detailed email of my experience My reasoning logic is dumb, I wish I'd get a new one is the worst Bank ever in my experience. Whenever I come here for anything it takes a minimum of 1 to 3 hrs. So sick of everyone and everything. The new snap chat blows. Thanks phone for automatically downloading it .... thnks for showing me the real face of BJPians :) .. may wheguru bless uh Unable to breathe through my nose Been there, done it, hated it... So why am I doing it again... I swear it never fails that I can't fall asleep when I have to get up early the next morning. Currently: ripping my hair out I feel like offering to help someone and then not, is not really classy. As soon as I start to fall asleep, the memories come flowing back.. When you're trying to think of the name of a song, and you don't even know the words. i can't deal with all these rumors.. ahh This airport is too congested and it has bad airconditioning How can you even consider getting rid of something that means so much to me? WHAT Gah I literally try for way too much of my life. My Twitter DM is down again. Stupid Time waste time waste time waste! ahhhh! Wish I had a punchbag... Would destroy the shit of it atm!!!! the difficulties of having different requirement for one subject. Yea so JEE results out...percentage of marks like below 10% and rank like a new phone number... Every time when I feel all is well suddenly somebody has to come to say it is not well Why does it seems that no headphones works for me :( Lovely morning for a ride here in Worthing, I'd best kit up and get out the door, oh no wait I'm bloody working! No matter whom we vote, the system is never gonna change... People r still gonna b lazy, ignorant and irresponsible... First time in a long time I didn't smoke before going to sleep maybe that's why I can't sleep idk ugh Not sure if I'm more mentally drained or physically drained. has gone to absolute shit with all the fecking ads!!! bwesit internet gakamang I have to send my freaking report to my father boss!!!! just tweeted the full lyrics, what else can i do to receive a follow from you? Braaa I'm not even tired thoooo! I'm wide awake! I'm quick to sacrifice and help people but its ironic that its hard for people to help me When I need it...#SoAlone I'm having issues getting my book set up on Google. Submissions gng on!! but University walo ne hume samja hai... feeling Stupid people ask questions around instead of Google it themselves So the when i renewed my live gold i didn't get my rewards points from not the first time it failed me.. yesterday night. A friend of mine make THIS perfect cake. And I CAN'T EAT IT! 2/2 but when I press print tickets is is saying I have no to tickets!! Please help!!! 3 hours later/my boyfriend won't suck my cu**/ so I'm a masterbator. Only God knows why doesn't have an ATM at Emali How do I contact corp HQ about ref 140411-001768 Your CS has failed me &amp; I need a new unit or refund. I'm waiting for this dimwit of a bunny to chew through an electrical wire and electrocute himself. Ugh WHY do my comments just disappear when I do them through Bloglovin' on my ipad!? Most annoying! Well. The tv receiver isn't working. I'm not pleased. Keeps loading itself over and over. Not cool, receiver. Not cool. Shoulder pain like ubwouldnt believe right now... FUCK CAN I CATCH A FUCKIN BREAK!!!! who won Fettucine contest? Looks like I was the only entry not responding. WTF BRISBANE? Why can't we kick it to or hand ball it to our own players? Basics? Honestly now is not the time to break a crank.. Struggling to comprehend what's going on. How can we run outta leg after 1qrtr week in week out? Seriously, does every guy think that their dick will shrink if they tell the truth? Just finished cutting all the fruit. Now off to go work. I can't believe I'm going to miss another game!!! Growing my hair long now regret cutting it again! I can't stand when people have one speed....slow. ugh! I should be right now. Grrr. Want to swim run or at least walk some distance in Cornwall Trying to get some sleep with a twisted ankle is too hard Can't find any league matches Done eating, but still feeling hungry. Now how can I get any slimmer with this? And, just like that, my score is going south Why can't just my body fats leave my body?? O.o Question posed by a "What next after a section 21 expires?" see - - I really hate a college that only cares about you if you're going to university after the course! Should have make that shot!!! Flappy bird will be the death of me I just want to say im If someone here puts Britain's Got NO Talent in the TV I swear I will walk out I'm over qualified for the job I have and under qualified for anything out there. And people why I'm a miserable grump. I don't know what I'm doing with my life anymore. I'm stuck Finally able to sleep in bc spending weekend away from toddler, awake at 5am argh , tomorrow is the last day of holiday ok thanks I'll keep trying. When someone asks to have their purse removed from a car it generally means they need something in it! you don't return goods and yet you take the payment!! Can't wait 4 my back 2 b better, dying 2 get back in the gym Did BF4 feel weird to anyone else last night, like you were dying LOTS faster than usual?? Finally experience the "no fucking planning shooting" ..Fuckin mind blowing now! My sister's home was damaged in the Fl. flood Thursday; sent her a e-giftcard Friday; told it should get to her Monday. Turkey are really starting to get to me, may just go to the grocery store and pick one up there, and be done with it. Wrote a blog, great, only 45 minutes to write. Over 1 hour to post. This wordpress theme will not format text. . Any tweets that are NOT in English are NOT ME! Why am I having no luck with busses this week? In the time iv been waiting 2 have been due but still no bus :S I try my best to have patience and to be kind but when I have bad moods taken out on me for nothing, it's not okay people. So tired of watching people I care about make insane decisions so they can continue to suffer. It'd be cool if the site would let me buy my pass online. Despite 15 minutes of my trying and attempts on 2 different platforms, I can't buy Spa race coverage 2 of my amp's r beyond repair since they were swimin the time my home was flooded, feelin like banging ma music LOUD I can't I hate not knowing where to even start shopping I can't track my order because new Jordan's came out. Trying to get dog insurance but only found 1 company that actually lists her breed. How hard can it be??!! Co-op it is then! wifi sucks! It's always cutting in and out. Tried to find something new to wear for tonight. Failed badly. The FMX Trick System in Trials Fusion is clunky at best Well that's just great. I finally get a chance to sleep in and I wake up before 7. I'm in a state of restlessness where cigarettes just won't do. Why do I wake up early when I don't have to? If we have to be here at 8am then the teacher should definitely be on time. Great now I have to reschedule my stupid SAT cause I didn't bring my ID I wish I could find a job that I could just start Monday I had them and couldn't checkout. i miss the riots every fucking time ma nhwn mynd I Mach comedy fest :( why am I going to Canada!!! Why isn't my snapchat working? Still not had confirmation of my booking and website not updated? Need someone to fit on this bed with me I think Why can my mother NEVER be on time?!?! Feeling like a failure... when does this get easier!! I honestly think I just attract guys who already have kids or kids on the way. Why aren't dippin dots sold in grocery stores? Feeling - I can not find my Katz and Lawyer book. I really wanted to use it as a reference on the I hate when people wake me up in the morning. I want to wake up on my own. I was sleeping too good. Just cant shake this feeling... Acts like everything's perfect . . I'm the only member of my family that really can't handle staying in all day Locked my keys in my car cause I'm a stupid idiot Fail trying to take my sister on an easy run this morning. Being fit is easy. Being lazy makes things hard. CAN I JUST NOT GO TO SCHOOL ANYMORE? The way some things are done in this country are pretty messed up Fuck today man. Not looking forward to work. Two Days Straight I've Been Up Night With No Sleep. -ugh asked to cancel my membership over 2 months ago... charged again. not as easy to cancel as they claim! Twisted my knee in bed this morning and damn near cried from the pain. I'm hoping I haven't suffered ligament or tendon damage. Why did you wake me up? Its Saturday.. This new snap chat is hard to operate I feel like I am waiting for something that isn't going to happen... Missing rooney today, take a shot once in a while! hahahhahahah. my TA just told me to have a nice weekend. Yeah, right, I'm gonna be studying for this stupid exam all weekend No one is even taking shots????? Stop crossing the ball and take a freaken shot already OMFG I swear my mom care more about clorox and bleach than her own kids Well, no coffee and cars this morning. Great way to start off my day.. Why is it impossible to find a comprehensive listing of restaurants in that have Mother's Day Brunch Buffets? Well, no coffee and cars this morning. Great way to start off my day.. cheer up you're hot Went fishing on the Baltic Sea the whole day. And I got nothing! People that just want to be "right" make really bad collaborators. And I mean *really* bad. 