I am so happy ddnt expect all those people :d Thanks for the follow ;) &lt;3 ya! Wow, I had no clue that so many people at work actually liked me. from with repostapp --- Join the fun Outstanding look &amp; Performance!!! ...just WOW :)! playing not listened to that song in a while Late night calls are the best. A great way to start my big day! sometimes compliments come from those you least expect I'm going to sleep so well tonight now that I've heard from my mom! one of the first people I ever met i.e my mom just sangy happy birthday and I'm beyond ecstatic Easy to find a man who could love you, difficult to find someone who could marry you. I'm so blessed! Mcdonald's to celebrate a successful morning best part of interviews today: my teachers didnt mention my crappy sac marks!! :) Well that's a weight lifted from my shoulders!! I love the woman I'm becoming... God+0= success My April Showers Are Starting To Bring My May Flowers! People Who Are Intimidated By You Tend To Talk Bad About You ! Did I mention that I absolutely LOVE this guy?? Done with exams!!! Hello junior year and hello summer!!! I know lil_miss_buttercup would totally get back with this One less thing to worry about! Been a tough few days but things worked out in the end One extra quiet hour at work and a major lingering coding issue is resolved :) I can go home now Just the best thing to wake up to everyday. Relaxation. Hot cup of tea with my vanilla scented candle. Done with the SATs until next year I ran 10 minutes straight at PT this afternoon! I'm not even sure how to put this feeling into words. Best decision Mike D'antoni ever made Two of my and after the Well I am as happy as the sky is blue! Feel completely different thanks to a certain somebody Today was a great day. Especially being around the ones you love. up yes thats all me, non ov this would ov bin possible wivout Con mi hermosa ! . Te re quiero mana !!! Ok time to go to sleep! Sweet dreams people Awesome news yesterday: realtor found a tenant for my house! Being told I don't need make up to be beautiful and should never wear It again :) I'm high on life today because i just love our phot0s...^^ over Learn to be &amp; you will always be need to burn my candle after dealing with not a happy bunny :( Im allowed to dislike somebody who hurt me. Im allowed to say what I want, ... Sweet surprise from fatty farty and tita So happy to see u Ros! I am not sure why I look so pale. But hello. Everything happens for a reason, and the past month has proved that. Woooooooooo last assignment of my first year handed in! Everyone you will ever meet knows something you dont and to be nominated for this award! No hay que tomarse todo tan en serio. Probably had one of the best days at placement today! Wooooooohoo! Passed my presentation for global &amp; social nutrition Officially done with my freshman year of college That am I gonna smile or what pic. Why am I in such a good mood i couldn't tell ya Love having my own desk/office! When you just finished typing and it hits zero characters This gorgeous Jadie feeling better Think I drank too much coffee today all in one day lol Such a girl.....Catching some sun before I head into work!! Woow.with 85% of voting in 7th phase of my place is at In and too. Havent slept a wink since tues and started new job at balans today but a certain someone has left a smile on my face .... So glad that my graduation speech is done and over with! I have a b on that? No prob! Finally things are starting to fall together Be in good company. ... I am so content with life atm. New job great family. . The bestest of friends, exciting adventures coming &amp; many more I genuinely didn't think today would be any good, oh how wrong was I. Relaxing... Coffee time... Thinking... Blessed... Happy... HOLY SHIT I PASSED CHEM 117 I can't even believe this. Sometimes I just like to sit outside in the sun by my self. All the stress was well worth it. I am now a Volvo Master Technician!! It's official!!! I am going to be the 2014-2015 Secretary for the College of Education Student Ambassadors!!! Bed time early start with Owen off swimmingand then shopping with mum love Fridays xxxx Got my first graduation check in the mail today! Is it really that close? I'm not sure how I feel Big thanks for 300 follower Nice Weekend at all ;) ...living my liiiiiiiife! ...get yours! It's the simple things in life.. .getting my hair washed, fresh sheets and a nice lunch ^.^ Happy then sad you cutie. Just got news literally 30mins ago my bff is engaged so happy!! So excited 4 u both!! :) :) xx Im so incredibly right now! Off work.!! Speech therapy with For My Good and For His Glory : Singleness and Contentment I can't even believe how fast this year has gone by and how many things have changed cheers bud. I'm ecstatic/relieved. Tell ye about it when I see ye. get back into my golf now. Good luck at Gleneagles It's Friday-Eve! What a beautiful day n the A! What a difference a day makes. No detours! Yipee! So he decided to join me for lunch :) I'm so excited to see. New baby calves tomorrow night at my dads:) I friggen LOVE this sunshine another bank holiday on Monday is my month.... they make me Glad to be home after and met some great Sooo done living my life always trying to please other people. Time to start living for me! I was so for a sultry no reason. Hellllllo My baby!!! It needs a name :-D Photo: My baby!!! It needs a name :-D a follow back would make me I pulled off a miracle and got an A in world lit!! It's a very good day! Days Saudadinhas deste Carville James :D Happiness Bosque De La Primavera hope 2 get ticket 4 Leeds. Loved Prince from min I saw Purple Rain in cinema! Prince is the pattern of my life God has truly blessed me with a wonderful fianc &amp; a pretty cute wiener dog Give something of value to others for free. It will return to you in many times over. Que rico es comer! Valio la pena estar en el Saunatronic 2000 meta! Thank you Gsus My Goodness Gracious! :D Are You Listening Music To Ease Your Emotions? - News - Bubblews One very happy girl. A surprise visit from I'm so to God this week!Although my work was late. I have done them! You've given me the will to do this xD Listening to Drake can have you feeling every type of way The fact that I'm moving in a few days is crazy! Today has literally been an answer to our prayers I never in a million years thought I would ever get that back Whatever you decide to do make sure it makes you happy Morning black because it is a outside Coffee in bed is the perfect way to start the day I'm pretty sure you are bipolar. Music is good no matter what mood you're in.. I knew this year was going to fly by. But I enjoyed every second of it! I love these pics of My sister-friend Karen Johnson and her hubby Larry S. Johnson. It's the little things that count I love my babygirl, she always there.when im down!! Sharing the couch every night with and our baby Izzie is one of the best things Gods blessed me with Not working for chickfila is a huge relief haven't said my pleasure in over two days! Okay then Siri.. Okay then.. I swear I honestly couldn't be any happier than I am the last couple of months. I have a great support system. Today was so bipolar :(: My early Mommy's Day presents 's cd and tickets 2 her Hamilton show! Cloud 9 right here! Her! Wow, life is just so great! Feeling extra blessed right now thank you God! Just feel I want the feels back. maybe its time? or.. maybe not. What a difference a year makes! Happy! Looks like there is one way to go from here! Ugh I'm such an emotional human being today I am so happy to have the friends I do and happy I got to see then today I don't think I have enough fingers to count the number of times I've cried today. Triggers include (but r not limited to) Vines It was an amazing day. I believe music started because some1 had a n their Rather it was r a it had 2 come out.#musicwillsetyoufree Its the little things that make us happy, so we shouldn't let the little things make us sad too Aiwa! Inta my only babylove Happy birthday Mom i lov u so much.....! Today was a great day:) Mostly, it feels gr8 2 walk hand in hand wit u. seeing ur face is always d major priority I am literally so happy. It's been so long since I've felt this way. ! and to be working. It's Friday and we have a 3 day weekend on our hands!! Your welcome! So 2 see this moment come to pass appreciate yoU &amp; your talents! and San Antonio spurs players enjoying their day Today was a good day! Love my life!! Happy is better! 5th and final 524am clock It's a bank hols weekend! M: el novio bought me Starbucks &lt;333 Susah betul nak pilih intro songs for montage.. friday# have a blessed weekend WOW! Were busy, I see! Now that's a full day! that you are! :) I'm meat lover but vegetarian it's also delicious. Fruit season is finally here!! This Would Be One Reason I Love My Sis , ! She Knows Better Then A lot Of You Gumpss ! In every life we have some trouble, when you worry you make it double don't worry, be . 50 Habits People Always Avoid Morning! New house, new life, new everything... I'm head over hills for this guy!!! Had a great 2nd date with my best man!!! Tbt: Our Subscribers saw 837.5% gains on $LVGI in 4 days! See here: $PBHG Matando a saudade! Bom Repouso - Mg YES!!!! finally :))) yihaaaaaaa!!! :))) It's not just a picture, It's YOU Peping's Foto Studio Life is BEAUTIFUL!! Blessed with the best mother and I couldn't tell you what was going on but were Feels like a weight has been lifted off of my shoulders! There's something about country music when the weather is getting warm:) Get Times Are Hard by Stampeed on iTunes Pharrell got his voice back from coachella! Me and the little man! Only my insanity keeps me sane in today's world - Paulo Coelho - Luv'n how is rock'n his sneakers. 12 dogs and a cat enjoy a day at the beach. Aaaaaa!!! Ya estan akaaaa!!!! :D OH MY GAAHD! Baram look sooo damn good on his post in the Fancafe *^* !!! Love your work &amp; people This photo makes me so happy. it's a beautiful day when u can by ur long distant mum something for mommys day~ Clap along if you fill like happiness is the truth! Im so Happy "Happy" Marching/Pep Band Sheet Music Arrangement Today was a perfect day. Eating a lollipop, cuddling with Tuck and Grey's on DVR in bed! You can't beat it I love my job :) perfect lifestyle and an even more amazing boyfriend to enjoy it with :) Had the best nite with my girlfriend day 1! My boys make me I can't even describe how happy I am. everyone! Enjoy your weekend! Love Jessie Rose our for a bunch of for a Revisiting my in this beautiful issue of featuring glorious Being in college and having friends that drink makes me think... god im glad im not a drunk. Id be having sex with random fuckers What a great night though. Goodnight twitter What a wonderfull day.. Gud Love your body just the way it is &amp; your relationship with food changes I love you, Hollywood Studios! morning. Secured my usual seat on the bus this morning x It's my birthday yep,happy already There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. - Coelho - Havent laughed that much in a while. Glad I have these sprinkles of good peeps in my life. Catch of the day addiction New month. New flat. New people. :) A with my hot girlfriends OMJ YAAAS so happy just got it's amazing love it and love you!!!! Smile...it's Friday and SKAL !!! you can make yourself or you can make yourself .. So which is your selection ? Got that Friday Feeling!! Happy Friday everyone! Meeting My ex who got married last December. At work,,,#Am Doing RECON# End report Mood# My phone playin KITAMBAA CHEUPE by King Kikii This z how i feel MORNING U take a lot of 'off time' ,devoting your time for the welfare of pets by chairing a lot of pet events mam . Its Friday!! Im off from tonight till Tuesday!! Im buying a box of wine!! Un Peu de Neige sur Terre &lt;3 im happy and be with it! ;) Nothing gets me out of bed faster knowing I've only got three hours of work today The AMAZING is on this morning - 1 very team member this morning!! So and for this amazing man God has blessed me with. Last night... and Keep safe. First family Selfie! ! ! on the way to bunks message on Facebook seriously made my night I love her sooo much! Tonight lieutenant governor spoke at our reception. I was enough to get this photo. It's Friday!! and it's sunny! :) The moment you wake and realise it is actually Friday!! Woohoo! My home for the next 10 days!! Thank god it's nearly the weekend. did you somehow fix your rose petal bass?! Happy call it weekend ... greetings from Falling asleep with a smile on my face. How many of you can relate to this jordinsparks moment? The things that bring 'Talls' Joy! Im so happy today without any reason...want to dance n laugh hard.. My girlfriend is beautiful and perfect! Saturday will be a month. :) Payday &amp; 2 hours at work until a week off! We have Sheet Music for hits like and Many More! Never seen a puppy so happy to get out the bath Good Hope you all have a and a Video Premiere: SWRLS - Definition: Some awesome toy loot. Happy days! You like me? I like you! Siesta!!! With my mudra berlida!! Busy ka telebabad!! Hahaha... That about summs my week up! I FINALLY KNOW who and what I want in life. Now all I got to do is go get it! Treat for Friday? Don't mind if I do Day 81: First night with my girl, Push! With my love, photo of him while driving ... When they play Will Smith Miami on your first night! Its friday!! Plus last day of work for 9 days!!! after today - 3 day weekend I know it's only been a week but I'm honestly having the best summer Pay day is such a great day!! 6 months of Jacob. He makes me the best version of me. Ill be 27 in 28days &amp; living life Big shout out to worlds greatest beat boxer THANK U SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME Hey, if you accept i will be a customer. I ALOT :D oh iyaaa ica happy birthday yaaaa all the best for youuuu sweet17 gbu!;;) So you wake up to a very monday like feeling and then realise its a Friday. Ready for my close up. A great feeling knowing im off till tue.. It is always better to regret the things you did, and not the things you didn't do. A of our taken by A of our taken by I have the best boyfriend Found this in my jean pocket this morning! Made me smile x deanyk16 x Yeah I'm actually having an alright night!! Looking at my phone and constantly smiling. the artists who've allowed me 2 create a song 4 'em, no words will ever properly express my gratitude Thank God for clear skies this weekend! We wish you a very and Dont forget to read Surat AlKahf This be sure your little ones are and here is how. Literally wouldn't change a thing in my life at the moment, Nothing really matters to me... =) Happy Friday! And a long weekend too :) Friday "Happy" Marching/Pep Band Sheet Music Arrangement So in love with my typewriter! Best gift ever received &lt;3 I am because the day off.What makes u today? Its only bloody friday rodders!!! Yay Getn a fresh new start gna make the best of it. Just got an offer from UAL Chelsea!!! Great way to wake up this morning I'm waiting fr ur NEW YEAR boss Feels good to be home. :) lost 4lbs the last 2 weeks :) My VIP pack has just arrived :))) Two weeks without my girl but she's finally back today! Loving the new and duet - perfect way to start my day Nothing like playing Swingin' Door by at my singing lesson end a hectic week! &lt;3 The Key to Happiness!! I'm an aunty, don't think I've ever been so excited! Music can speaks what u feel inside :) great team result - tenant to play birmingham town hall organ it's time to after and Amazing how a decent workout can put you in a good mood! Reach target weight for :) tribute to May 02, 2014 at 09:19AM Today I made some smiley banana pancakes for breakfast!!! Lol! Another great song by T&amp;S, oh how I love them. Love listening to in the train while I'm going to work. Alarm wake up -from time of feat and first times make sens for real in my life ! Wake up buddy !! ... ... &lt;3 do you wanna Low key want a hat like Six scientists. Six suicides. What secret are they dying to protect? Learn a secret to long life! Six scientists. Six suicides. What secret are they dying to protect? Learn a secret to long life! Happy Akhshya Tritya! The day of Super to reveal as winner International Award scrambled egg on toast to start the day This song has instantly cheered me up. Can't wait for the full album! reunited with my best friend Finally get back my laptop. New for The Sleeping Truth : A New for The Sleeping Truth : A by shirley417 "So coz mommy give me some ~ - Mumbai seems very happy air Mumbai jumps on the bandwagon. Thankyou Brad of ! My handles like a brand new Taga! Fridayyyyyyyy bitches !!!!! hello weekend It's crazy how just hearing someone's voice can change everything My happy face, my good old school days. If only every day at school was Princess Day! We have Sheet Music for hits like and Many More! It's Friday, I have a day off, the sun's out... :) First timed 400m for a loooong time, sub 7, still about 30s off pb but :-) Wow on as well - making our team very today - enjoyed watching him on Revoltijo and work Benicassim Beach Smile at a stranger today and make someone's day! pharrell is to receive his from gwenstefani Feeling massively relieved and happy today!! We often say When Im __, I will be __. with e.g. and - here are some tips to enjoy the journey Who has got the Friday feeeeeling!! :)) with 100% air popped and oil free Everyday is ur The goes with Feeling so fresh and so clean clean Friday errbody let's get movin. Wowza Yippie! Finally getting our mailbox installed! Happy Friday its a Day so be &amp; smile the day away Working on an exciting order today, very creative! Hopefully can show you tomorrow. In the meantime Get up to 5 Mothers day from WHERE THE HAS ME. AND THE WHERE YOU ARE. Luv Fridays nice long wk end off thanks man! It's a special feeling when people/strangers tell me stuff like this! Yay for Friday! Stay strong, and always keep one eye on what's behind you! Life is good right now. penang Lucky day. 2 entry &amp; get 2 powerbank . malaymail Faculty of Engineering &amp; Avis sur : Bien ! Bit of words of wisdom for the day E close daw kame! Hahahaha! Happy wedding day to all the couples celebrating today! After creeping through my old pictures, I am amazed how much can change in one year. I am in a completely different place today! tickets secured for Darragh Park! 3 reasons to be happy: (1) It's Friday (2) It's a bank holiday weekend (3) My boy is back on British soil &amp; I get to see him tonight! Hang out with my family... dress by and jelly case by ... ;) The Search For The Missing Projector! HAHAHA. Thanks for the treat! :-D love them fresh eyebrow thread feelings I am for changes in our house...finally will be a new life for us The Great Rift Valley Lodge "Happy" Marching/Pep Band Sheet Music Arrangement Ted Baker clutch &amp; perfume I love my boyfriend Got my tickets for just got to wait for the line up now!! Get to spend the weekend with my gorgeous man andddd looking forward to going out with him Monday :-) Set your alarm 5 mins early. Decide how you want the day to be &amp; then go for it! Un poco de tal no tal ;) Photo: What~ Why~ Im here again~ chill out~ so The pattern on my new scarf! :) Getting there walking on my hands :) Bank holiday weekend, not too shabby! This was happiness really means. Late night cruising with my boo we has on tilt help me thank God,my "stubborn" cousin has changed.... Love My brows today Yay lol Finally reached position n. 60 for the keyword on the play store app chart! Omg the amount of matcha I've been consuming lately is seriously WTF :)) Thank you to my sponsors; mommy, daddy, and bros &lt;3 Off the air for more than 9 months, and realized that my microphone is like Bit of FIFA before work thank you !! Your posts always make me It's fffffriday and its bank holiday weekend yesss x I have the cutest boyfriend ever In such a good mood today Photo: HAPPY FIESTA BRGY. VALENZUELA Good morning! If you wake up at 6 am everyday you get lots done by 9.30 :) Congratulations Fabulous music Tony nominations well deserved. Let's win them also! Good morning my babe cute! How are them? Am very good :3 Loving this! Exactly how I am feeling! clap along if you feel like happiness id the truth........... Good Morning world - Happy Friday! Laugh, laugh , and LAUGH . hey im back, im so happy cuz ive got good grades Haircut! Back to my normal hair! :) I just want to be again. Friday Sunshine.. bring it on.. woo hoo Just like to welcome baby Oleg One of the best feeling ever is opening my kitchen cabinet and getting hit with the aroma of spices and coffee (: Only went and passed my theory test :D finally found that manga I've been searching for :D music at license today! an extra emotion to your projects! for your projects at license today! clap along if you know what happiness is to you......... BONDING TIME COFFEE uniqlo27 mickeysee Blue is &lt;3 ipush ang acoustic band ng Sgfs! :-* Just cant get enough of by Pharrell. Happiest video of all time. Repeat mode = ON. Ateast I have to keep me company on my train to Warrington! What do you see: the sun or the clouds? Optimism vs pessimism? If you change your mind, you change your world Happy girlie one more day n get to see the mr :) How your List can guide you to a new career It's a cause I'm saying goodbye to a lot of this week! Clap along if you feel like Mindfuelness is the truth : I feel like a fuzz Saying goodbye to another pup today But soo pleased she is going to a lovely couple It's fridayyyy, bring on the long weekend New day , new mood What do you do when you realise all your dreams are starting to come true? aaaaa! and amazing shot of finds-washers, including Yusra who found Tabun 1! Drive in the mk2 with my boy couple weeks ago. :) The summer is near. piscina The sun is quite nice. Sausage everywhere but. Oh yeah! Lost 13lb in 10 days :D Just weighed myself, apparently I'm the lightest I've ever been! Mistaken for a high school student today. Feel like this is a good thing considdering am 24, will remember to bring ID to pub tho... *Dances around apartment like a lunatic to Pharrell* I need only 1 followet to get 200 followers El mes de las flores!!!! Hi thankyou my grow your own garden set taht i won has just arrived. Love it Having a big pamper day 'Just remember to smile and that's a good enough start' Unbelievably buzzn!! thank you xx" la cancin Happy de Pharrell Williams en day 1 - la colazione dei campioni Friday everyone hope you all have a great weekend x x well this is cool we share a birthday together birthday so excited that kim032 and I have booked flights to visit Off to Scarborough to see the sea and Scarborough Symphony Orchestra :) soo happy :) why is it so happy today!?!? at school It is my birthday, but it is just an ordinary day. Gooood friiiidaaay and gooood day people! Happy new new job to meeee "It's Friday bitches..Because I'm happyyyy!!!" Stop and smell the flowers, watch as life blossoms office I have finished all my work just play the song ahha One of our new fully sign written vans. Lost 6 and a half lb on juice plus in 5 days!!! Beautiful sunshine, great friends, an exciting future - what have you got to be about today? Gillian x It's Friday!! to all, especially to our new you make my life better! Thanks Graduated at Politecnico of Milan! Ricos placeres de la vida But first let me take a selfie :) Thank god I got a lie in this morning! everyone,fancy a treat,enter our fab how about a stay at the amazing hotel &amp; spa So many things to look forward to Passion, Positive and workhard.. ;) This long weekend holiday has started off on a good note! Getting myself to waking up this early for work View ky gini tuh d rmh ga ada. I love my "CREATING A MONSTER" T-shirt thank you &lt;3 That moment when you just want to start dancing for no good reason! Smile like the world is yours and nothing can touch you... home Nurture social relationship the happiest people on the planet are the ones who have deep, meaningfull relationship Wearing my shirt to work makes me super happy!!!!! And it's FRIDAY!!!! And a Bank Holiday!!!! Last day of work before our hols!! can't wait!! Super excited shopping put a smile on your dial xx by with amazing 1cool love it! I feel really happy right now. Enjoying the day off :) Commit to your goals Magical things start happening when we commit ourselves to doing whatever it takes to get somewhere So excited for tomorrow, can't wait to see my favourite person Goofing with Gabz on my bday!! How to be Finn and Rob discuss the secret of happiness and learn some in 6 Minute English Starting the day off indeed thought, motivated. When it's me. It's gotta be bright! IT'S OVERRRERRR!!!!! UNI work finally done! 'Smile...because life is too short to be unhappy' To with Because i'm un che parla da solo Alcanzando la felicidad extrema a su lado finding out an essay you are doing isn't as many words as you first thought is such a good feeling Do u knw why friday is a day for me, coz am gonna join the congregation of amd worship Ask me how to get rid of a double chin 606-792-7752 Wow yesterday I got some nice shots of Town and the people for thee blog. The chemistry between me and a camera though... I never imagined I would be where I am now, with the people I am with now Me and my friend on are way to see hedly! denise_ross It's Friday and iv got 2 weeks off after today! Happy Birthday to one of my favorite football player the Beckham xx It's not about how hard you fall, but how gracefully you dust yourself off.... b day candy man. trentknox twolimonades emmiejordan83 In case you missed it, here's 's video: I miss my sister Home Iloilo City tribute to May 02, 2014 at 12:20PM Glad to be back in On a roll this morning with clearing out stuff! to Joseph of the Radisson Blu In a real mood today! Two new reads for after my exam. Happy days Always Happy !! Thank god for everything!! Happy birthday Sir David Beckham!! Me and My Harley on new adventures! Postcard from mum &lt;3 It's the small things that make you smile xx Hi guys, this morning is too! :) Yay! I'm ready! I'm ready! The day has finally come! agreed made better by this album Kind of a big deal... spending Friday night listening to on eating Tiramisu it's friday and its a half day Passed my 2nd law assignment for this unit! Everything is better with a tan A warm space + happy tunes + mindful breathing + slow flow = a smile for your body&amp;mind. Join us 1:15 today! Eating white rice and drinking beer. As Fela said "suffering and smiling" Takes you a while to appreciate your friends fully. I think I'm finally there. Being never goes out of - via Love this! Amazing how 1 person can make you feel Our Penny Stock Newsletter Picks, Gained 5,000% in 4.5 months! Subscribe Today: $PBHG "Happy" Marching/Pep Band Sheet Music Arrangement Yay have a date for my pump! slices of banner by ArigigiPixel, $5.99 Opening Night! to all my artist friends who put their heart There is a hidden message in this video I made. Can you find it? Spent about two days using drag and drop text on chemical compounds and used Wikipedia Unicode subscripts for Aaahhhh I love good news Today is a good day! Wishing all of our followers a "Send me flowers.... schananana oh send me flowers" :) We love all our customers :) I'm this and I can't wait to pull my hat out!!! In other news.... HAPPY FRIDAY!! :D I seriously love being in a good mood Lol 1 up 4 athleticism got to love opening the post &amp; finding tickets! I'm sure it's Mother F&amp;^%ing Y'all! Finally have my new Bible!!!!!! A was in was said treat all this deserves a Literally apart of the Fabulista team! Happy Friday Spaghetti aglio olio with prawn and kyoto But that hat tho pharrell We just reached the 1K pax figure on our mail list. THANKS 1K times to everyone who join us at Google+. Photo: But that hat tho Photo: Have a great day!!!!.. We're cos its and with for Hayley Last day in don't know what I am really feeling of being and together :-) :-( Happy Friday!! Here's to the weekend!! Love the new Michael Jackson featuring Justin Timberlake song! Photo: ptit-cactus: Because Im ! How we all feel cause the weekend's here!!! Watch video -&gt; SMA N 6 Tangerang Selatan 27th birthday mikabrzezinski !! 30 Rockefeller Plaza Trust me it is not that bad... all hope is not lost for Nigeria. Keep singing Pharrel's song I was so nervous about going to the bank today, but the meeting turned out well. I am and :) Friday!! Buzzing with it being Have fun folks. That " " song is now annoying as fuq!! Woke up in a really good mood for once NEW ON THE BLOG zalando_official today its Sungjae of BTOB 's birthday too! Happiness is the truth! Let's get it! Happy Friday everybody!! :-) tribute to May 02, 2014 at 01:18PM 1000 FOLLOWERS SUR VINE... THANK YOU SO MUCH Congrats, you've spawned a goofy new trend. We'll do this the next time we get a Its friday aww yee its sunny aww yee, the sun brings out the pharrell in everybody May is turning out to be a good month! Wee pamper weekend at Mar Hall then Prince gig. Can't wait. Finished third year! Won't be needing these no more! Second year of university is over and done with Exams done!!! Pass the wine ;-) We are that our work gets published in Lrzer's Archive! Have a Great weekEND ya'll and again.. its my ultimate bias from GOT7 birthday too! BamBam Friday!!! what or what you train on Friday? ?!? Finaly back on twitter again so happy day, say "Thank U God 4 giving me another day" Practice mindfulness, Journal, Stretch, Let light In, Wish some1 a gr8 day Surpresas no canal do yt em breve.. Same birthday as Beckham. Slightly different lives. He played for shit clubs like Utd n I play for the finest club in I Just Wanna Say 'Yeayyyyy' :D Only 70 days to wait !!! with a fucking line up !!! xD i got an A in my a level english lit coursework!!!! (well, as long as the marks don't change) Should I get some finger food before heading into the theatre? X3~ I got such good news this morning - feel amazing was so on the last night. MT Because I am LFCC tickets are arrived :) Massage therapy can improve a persons health by reducing stress and stress hormones! I feel like 'A Room Without A Roof 'this morning!! 24 more days till the Great Event!!! just watching The only way is Essex, with you been swept of your feet by Charlie at Mario"s fancy dress party times It's not bad luck it's experiences:) A day without stress and anxiety...what's that like? Gotta find at some point. So glad to have my iPhone 5S back! days Thank you for another awesome conference! Went shopping at Uniqlo with sis n got a few tops n t-shirts Mixed emotions today seniors last day Finally, a beautiful day in Maine! Dinner dates with this view always fun hamoudy88 4.5 months post-surgery, employed, graduating tomorrow, and going to Ireland on Monday! and Have a fantastic Friday!! Good Morning Queden Con Dios when friends meet up with the tasty lunch, say : "cheeseeeee" .. Hello Twitter! We're back! Sun is shining... Love the fact I can get shorts on that didn't fit me a few months ago! Going to watch the today Photo: Have a great day!!!!.. Friday yesssss korn_videos korn4all_life korn4all_life korn_flakes Woke up late today, but let's see if I can still have a good day! family dinner xD Kenny Rogers Sat eating my Salad in the sun! Right thing will happen at the right time, Thankyou! Amazing day cycling round favignana. Never want this holiday to end. Good evening, beautiful creatures. :) 8 Traits Of Happy Travelers So lovely when the year 9 girls tell you how great you look now. Especially when I hear how they talk about some other teachers Dang it Making me cry at my desk!! too much undies not enough booty! if two people are happy - they make things work no matter what!! leave them alone and let them be happy I agree with it all, but I'd change Work Hard to Work Smart. :) Jammin New New MJ "LoVe Never Felt So GOOD" That's that back in the Day MiKe...#SHMS TGIF! Just finished my radio interview! Ducks awaiting our arrival at McRae campus. Quack, quack Our concert went great! Best one yet! It was fun and our orchestra got the most applause! Dark horse was hit aswell! DJ Mars killed the Michael Jackson set! Got a sister feeling today! My feet on the wet beach. Perfect life! I should start sleeping at 9 more often Everybody make mistakes , you just gotta learn from it and move on... Happy FAM &amp; Friends, May Your Weekend Be Ever In Your Favor!;) Thailand Travels Got few from the room. 500 miles, Candy, Everybody, best exams are over :) Love starting my Friday off with some in my ears Thank The Lord I found my criminology notebook Best early birthday present for me winning no school yesterday and today no school yesterday and today same 3 day weekend is imminent :) Words can't describe the happiness inside...when a sales assistant called me "ah boy". Today is goin to be an amazing day!!!:D Learn how I discovered my passion, paid off $10,000 in and became a and woman 3 Little Birds Wooden Distressed Sign, Dont worry about a Thing sign, via Et... and my ... my partner in 'crime'... Learn how I discovered my passion, paid off $10,000 in and became and :) It's so good when you are in hollidays :) When all your hard work ends up paying off there is no better feeling I really can't wait to be an American/ Canadian citizen.. Can't wait. "The sun'll come out tomorrow" Take me to the clouds please What are you up to this first weekend of I know where I'll be! Can't wait to start packing my suitcase for London &lt;3 I'm taping these lab graphs into my lab notebook like a kindergartner with glue stuck to his fingers I hate when ends - taking all the happy and inspiration to my team -after I go fishing I HAD TO ASK PHARRELL First time riding the bike to work!!:) No better way to start the day. We wish you a very Friday! What are you up to? BusyWeekend and we loving it... Back and triceps day SATS Signalfabriken) I'm back in the kitchen baking. Todays menu is cookies, shortbread and cupcakes Can't believe I am going to get to see my daddy ( and mom too of course) in 10 days! Dinner after Gym with eddpascual All sweaty from working out. No makeup. Just me. I am no better than anyone else. I am inexcusable myself Sun is shining just in time for the wknd! Bring on Glasgow 7's tomorrow :-). Bank holiday weekend which means fun fun fun with lee and Adam and his family You expressed opinions that vary from the collective. You are a Control your emotions. Suppress your opinions. My friends and I just signed up and all 7 of us are living in the same wing of the same hall and my roommate is Bcm last night got me fucking dead Well my day has been made. May have been a simple gesture but those are what really count Sonrisas que valen la pena Friday: No matter how you feel today, get up, dress up, show up! Started the rounds at 7:00 - yes at 7am I can't believe it's finally here! Giving a shout-out to my Mom AND Both share the same birthday May 2nd. sun`s coming out hope it stays for a while :) , Birthday , hope u have a kickass day !! &amp; have many more Waiting to hand the last of my year 1 work in.. almost there The sun is finally shining again, today's gonna be a good day :) its friday , pay day , and i get to eat McDonalds for breakfast !! Server goes Level 3. So as the rent :( My Retina is back. With a fresh new screen. What are your plans for the weekend? Let us know! With my only one ! &lt;3 distance is nothing! :D NEW Youtube trend: and VIDEO: Ask for one more day to better and improve and Friday is here. Paying off the car today!! Well, I'm up and showered. Some on the North Shore of this morning. Might be a decent day. Thanks for the followBack. . . :-D If I hear the song " happy" by Pherrel one more time I'm gonna put a bullet in my radio i woke up like this Today is going to be a skinny day :) When you're looking at the school website and find out class is canceled! Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof. He's not perfect! But he may be perfect for you! To and of you...a and I got an award today. Yasss!! birthday to capital hills first lady, bigger you IJN!!! Photo: I got an award today. Yasss!! It's crazy what an extra hour and a half of sleep can do to my mood Birthday!#Loveyourshow#Love your book#Have a good one! Christina Perri feat. Ed Sheeran When I liked my job, or atleast my days off. tribute to May 02, 2014 at 03:18PM That moment when you have to pretend to be for someone. Family doesn't always means from the same blood :) So much with new friendsss:))) Life is too short to be anything but HAPPY!!! Great improvements coming to my web page soon. Including easy search for or and mobile friendly pages too. All the take a The don't have anything on us. Some Casey veggies to start my mornings cause its Friday and payday Happy Friday tweets! Make it a good one! Everyone is and I am office in my new jacket Heaven on Earth, I have my voice back!! Bring on Sunday with The sun's light in my face is a natural layer of filter Beit El Chaar cannot wait to eat nuggets fries and icecream me being a complete dimwit forget i bought hairdye! Really excited for the future Life is good for these 8 month old kittens! We can't all forever? The won't let We can't all forever? The won't let A day at the zoo Friday's morning jam is brought to us by mother monster!! Power praise is finally here !! I am seriously one lucky girl The conversations I have with my bestie do amuse me so much sometimes :D Gonna be a good damn day jet skies!! When your favorite artist follows you back. You know I'm thank you for making timeless music Should have four holidays this year &amp; styles full all hsir. I it. Pizza Hut Sam Ratulangi, Makassar.. Face overload! Haha... nation bar and grill Finalt weekend! Now I'm gonna watch some Gossip Girl. Ready to make the trek over to today! ... Woke up to the song in my head. :-) Henry actually brightens my entire day Walked under the moonlight while playing 's Summer Night. Feel so gooooddd~~ Thanks Gray ;) I've been watching the sky all day :D the clouds were so beautiful against the purdy blue! This weather makes me x I got into the National Honor Society Last day of English clas ever for me!!!! Waiting to see Joy walk across that stage!! Woo hoo Birthday boy today (: yay!! "Sometimes, people just want to be even it it's not Perfect time spent with friends.. Photo: Perfect time spent with friends.. I Feel Motivated To Fight For my Dreams Me before and after and who said I fuckin can't ?! Putting up electric fences for the weekend on a sunny Friday afternoon with high tide in the background. It's Friday and I get to go shopping after school Get the smile : Iki Orange Omg waking up to customers! Bet she's she didn't at 1... Every is Best Mocha ever. Thanks to the funny Barista calling me Sir Steve! Yay look look my Hair so Long! It's Fridayyyy... It's sunny and tunes are banging!! I can smell the weekend and I have definitely got that Powering through this because I'm so damn and want to dance around like an idiot. It's not everyday you qualify AND get a new job, so I treated myself! You always be my princess miss you atiffhalias Being is all that matters, live life and Esto me da la vida Beautiful sunshine, watching a sparrow have a dust bath with a tummy full of pizza Thanks to the lovely feelunique I am all stocked up with the best mascara Ready to bask in the sun like my The has officially ended! 1 year later with a few dark months.. There is hope! Thank you, for my education. Deffinately teared up after a text from my tutor zipline was so much fun Absolutely love being back at uni Who's ready for another fun day at ?? That "I'm done with finals" face!! Omg why is it so bright out!! a SMILE is the prettiest thing you can wear. omg he is about 15 mins away! Las que me aceptan como Yo soy Las amo Getting ready to go to Disney World. So excited woah, natural hair :$ ... Yusra, finder MT aaaaa! and amazing shot of finds-washers, including Yusra Awww birthday (it's tomorrow) cake and card from the board :) TGIF! Thank God I'm Oh yeah and I'm it's too! ;-) it's a great day - Friday everyone !!! HEADING TO THE BEACH TOMORROW Let's go to the beach beach let's go get away! To Lemlunay and back last night I was stressing finding something to wear. then I thought this is my biggest worry right now, life can't be that bad! S O N R I E ;There are far better things ahead than we leave behind. A new picture in the dictionary under the word They say a picture is worth a thousands words..... Love my horoscope today! So positive! :) Wow! Ang daming good news for today. Thank you, Lord! More pa! Daily selfie part 2 hehe tribute to May 02, 2014 at 04:18PM It's such a lovely day out! Working on the balcony today. This is working out really well :) My first annual review went really well! Brown Friday outfit homies ! :) lovin life at the moment! everything is finally going right stay blessed. stay happy. stay alive. but most of all stay tenacious.#tenacity I really don't think my life could get any more perfect than it is right now I love this necklace, thanks sis! Don't remember Pharrell mentioning this. Text msg to say hey Hahahah now my turn hahaha selfie Looking for Corporate music? Check out this track on Because i'm happy ! :) Just back from checking out the fabulous renovations at and making plans for TRUFFLES! woot Caits just text me telling me she bought me a subway for when I finish work :) result!! Haha! It's the little things. How to be a Happier Person- An Experiment in Gratitude - via from with repostapp --- Samsara ! &lt;&lt;&lt; you had on heels and was probably still standing on your tippy toes n shit LoL you two look great together skoop Things do work out in the end. So glad I took this job health nuts!! Love you all breathe in good shit-breathe out the bullshit So we got to meet Harley! He was lost and we found him and gave him love while we found his Love having Fridays off work!! Had time to take a selfie while on public transport lol! I would like to thank for his song because it always cheers me up Happy Friday Yall!! Sometimes ya gotta throw a selfie in every now and then Check out guest post from today on the blog. Big shout out to my awesome friend for getting the job :) I may not have is all together, but I definitely have it all. Today just might be a good day In such a good mood today Great service he made my daughter a special 'Rapunzel' Crepe as requested Nothing says happiness like a with and imloopey Living a life starts with being present says Rivvy Neshama on Love coming home to hearing that the best mum ever has bought me crashes plymouth tickets!!!!! x Thank you mother dear for buying a purple Kamaru bag for me and two stockings :) Comment: elimane116 said Au calme vek ms bro May have been pushed but it was a push in the right direction I get to spend my night with my kind of people... Photo: Dont be a hater. Be a lover. It's the small things that make me and Stuff like this is why he is Coconut everyday all day all night! OldTown White Coffee, Kubota Square.. That feeling when you're just happy and everything feels right. Absolute cutie of an elephant 'Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth' going to my next step...#graduation Y no dejar de sonreir nunca. So many things happening in ! (thank you so much!) Looking for a 100 calorie snack? Fruit it is!!! Its the Time to play! Pues aqui andamos con las nias We are to come and our at your Connect with what (time well-spent) really means for you. Do u feel like :)) What are we all up to this Bank Holiday weekend? I'm happy that Charlie &amp; his friends made up :) HAPPY Friday Everyone...seems a long time ago now - we had so much fun making this video Just received our statistics for 2013: Ranking no 14 of 25 Best Make every day count! Still Can't believe it's In a taking kind of mood! Make every day count! Still Can't believe it's may already!... Smashed my iphone couldn't be more upset but just finished a day of acting and dancing classes so feeling "Whatevs" no matter. I love when my boyfriend spoons me and I spoon my kitty So happy hard work is paying off and I got my abs :) so happy after training every day and support of products of Headphones In This s**t world out On the run tour!!! So pumped! I'll see you yonce and hov July 9th How to be Finn and Rob discuss the secret of happiness and learn some in 6 Minute English Wow tomorrow I see B1A4 We had a great time .. Sometimes being so to meet makes you fail to realise how they are. Work done, hello bank holiday! dreams do come true ... :) :) so glad both my media and history coursework is over and done with For the love of sunshine, papaya &amp; mango! Happy Friday y'all So much pain. Fresh faced Friday may not happen today. The thought of work tomorrow .... on the Home from UE and trinoma =) lakas ng ulan knina =) ang cool lang =) Super fun running into you! Sorry for being super drunk. I'm still sobering up, but I got my maccas. The jazzy chord changes in Happy are good for guitar jamming. See the chords and scales here: Reviviviendo la infancia Disney's Magic Kingdom Mother knows how to cheer me up :D Hey! Look at her! She is perfect! Hey! Look at her! She is perfect! Coffee in the morning puts me in such a great mood! Tell me something... All about me..:) My books came in the mail today! Cocktails in the sun ^.^ Photo: Wish you were here! 10 things to remember on your journey - make it a one :-) have a great weekend! Me and Lana Del Rey are about to clean the whole house for family coming in this weekend Pe coclaurile patriei! Poiana City Don't worry, be happy! No matter what the others say..... Don't worry, be happy! No matter what the others say..... Suffer from sensitive/dry skin? Try our brilliant hand &amp; face soap Viernes para sonreir y ser feliz Homework and and John Legend music is all I need right now. I got a 5sos poster from total girl Today is already such a great day! The first video check it! "Being shot out of a cannon will always be better than being squeezed out of a tube." Hermoso diaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !!!! me siento !! xD Just finished my thesis defense! Woo! Now time to celebrate this weekend in the name of F. Scott Bought the pants ive wanted for a long time Circa Antiques had their 120 year old carriage delivered to the shop! Thanks for the business Jeff. customer EVERY morning, without fail...I do 50 reps....#EXERCISE has always been a HUGE part of my demeanor :)) completely content with my life right now. Time for new positive energy with a spring bob! I literally have the best coworkers Day 1 of our duo vegan 30 day meal plan. Me and or The family/ la famiglia! Piazza San Marco, Venice Fantastic service from Jade and Laura (and good to see Alison!) at Glasgow Central branch today. Many thanks! :-) It's so nice out today! Watching tv with my little princess Amazing couple of days away work in Leeds. Loving life So I need 4.4% overall to pass FDE, seeing as the exam is worth 50% I should be okay Don't worry, be happy! No matter what the others say..... Happy Friiiiiiday! I hope you're all as as this pooch! Have a great bank holiday! I woke up with Pharrell's song HAPPY stuck in my head!!! like geeeeeez Louis! can't stop singing it haha LOVE IT! On vient de passer les 1000 fans sur ! :-) At -- Thesis : done! Finally got a good watch I've been looking for.. It's soooo good to be home 7 minutes of exercise and practicing a real smile can make you happier: Stop saying "I'll be happy when..." And start saying "I'm happy because..." Give the a bottle and he is Ty for you're awesome prices I got both roll for it colors, dice bag, MDM BOOSTER BOX and splendor On our way to see So what (apart from to songs) makes our lives better? Seriously, Bird Card by PaperMeadows via Nunca dicen que no a un entrenamiento Leaving drinks tonight .. Gonna be mixed emotions David Deejay feat. Dony - bizarre - unknown album To my to you !!! I wish you good health and - sweet..thanks my friend.. Such an old photo but I love my boy Yay!! Friday and Holiday weekend Call or text me 606-792-7752 Being called my squirrel hehe makes me happppy. SQUIRREL!!!!!!!!!! :-) Not perfect, but I can FINALLY do it :) Bitches got nothing on me Wow, 401 followers! Thank you so much to everyone who takes the time to see what I am up too! Friday Coming home to a bunch of flowers and a note , up from last week it Un besito para la marrina I am dead and !! I can't wait to refresh my home's air with new !!! couldn't be me anyway. How can anyone moan about life? Yolo &amp; all that! Bubble bath + korean drama Four Seasons Nothing can make me like ^_^ :) Three days off, my friend is in from Boston, my Mikey is pitching tonight, weather is great, baby shower tomorrow Was at Ruby Tuesday with my bae and his sister in law. Thank you so much daddy for this awesome bag that I have always wanted!! We are#happy here !!!!! Come check us out for a Buy 2 get 1 osum... i love artistry products too... :) I am on some high and I've only been drinking coffee, got damn I'm on my element. I'm in such a good mood "I wear cloth pads and Period Panteez are the best thing to use with cloth" Alicia -GA I guess that's what happens when you are with folks who only bring out the best in you. First selfie of the evening! Got a late birthday present and cake from my work ladies :) Lets get life under way So happy its sunny for my birthday! The Sun is out! Thank you so much daddy for this awesome bag that I have always wanted!!! 3 meses para mis 15!!! The feeling you have after you did a amazing job during your presentation Simply One Breath at a Time - Dona Anderson : Balboa Press Start now! 65 ways to a and you! Day 12 of not eating any chocolate, cake, desserts etc. but eating loads of natural healthy foods = 4kg weight loss so far. This is what pizza Friday is supposed to look like... Loving that SF Gateway/Gollancz have published one of my all-time favourite books as e-book - The Firebrand by Marion Zimmer Bradley Chilled nite watching movies and a pizza! Good way to start the bank holiday. Gifts from the sweetest friend :) Wiiii, want Iris van gave me the Very Inspiring Blog Award! I've been waiting all week for tonight, and yay its finally here. can't wait!! :D My theme song right now :D You are as happy as you decide yo be. Iimagine if were a place that showed you home movies from every missed Then let you stew in forever. Had a great swim in the today me Have a and day today, and remember to do The start of another 3 day weekend. I spoil myself! Eagle Bar Diner - Newcastle So happy to have worked things out Hearing Classic by during my break at work on the radio: starts dancing like an idiot. :) Exams over and done with!! Driving to Wales for the weekend with to paint our new flat! Can we say they are happy ?? Yes I think :) Fitness Park Spor Merkezi Antakya et elle a fait des courses , oh God bless her Best mom ever! Pouch for con Relax sigo Mis metas get up Everything went well today, the doctor said I did better than he thought! Sweatpants, oversized shirt and fluffy socks I'm and :) Friday night with this girl again ! First Sunburn of the season! (no makeup) One day at a time! So excited to spend the weekend with Lauren Had some lovely complements today I have signed up to Netflix. I will now proceed to watch Dawson's Creek from the Pilot right up to Dawson at Spielberg's gates. Happy to say I am walking away from school 25 pounds lighter than I was when I walked away last year. I like making ppl happy I can go into the music industry managing artists. One of my favorite stops on this ride!!! Love this State! Rio Medina Store Museum marathon in London &lt;3 About to get on the train and TSA is everywhere.. travels.. Got these from your old friend Sadik! He got these from you when i worked with him in greece! I'm at Cowarth Park, Ascot, by the way. And it's fabulous. bluebloods friday how are u? So happy long weekend cause of bank holiday!! great stuff! is flowing here and chilling out while my pasta and chicken are almost ready to be devoured! :-) Got an Emma Watson pixie haircut and about to stock up on groceries and get some Chipotle. everyone! So passed my science exam I'm really proud of you Made my day :) I have great friends! Apologies for my large head Nandos with Charl "Smile" she just woke up so that's why her voice is so raspy lol. My baby Oleg arrived finally.... :) so cute This has been one hell of a long week... Bring on the weekend!! Don't Forget to check out my cover of on Asdghj mathiii me rt! Wiiiii We can't all forever? The won't let We can't all forever? The won't let Doctor said the knee is better than he expected &amp; I did a great job building the quad muscles around my knee! Ive been an emotional whirlwind the past two days and I dont like it. Today is a good day Faculty staff skit resulted in one big dance party! Check what happens to torn, useless sails at... that I'm the No.5 here! list! O dj mais massa da Argentina! Wishing you a Happy Friday and Have a Blessed Weekend. Wishing you a Happy Friday and Have a Blessed Weekend. for inviting us... Be a good boy and stay ... Photo: Happiness is noy something ready-made.It comes from your won actions Had so much fun in Manchester :) Love these girls Was going to try to find the right words, but I want to get back to loving you so it's simple I adore you! So to be for inviting us... Be a good boy and stay ... Me and Felicity, now 5.5 months. You don't have to live forever, just love this once! Mas feliz que Pharrell Williams Cumple de mami y postre Feliz Niver seu lindo! *-* New phone on it's way thanks to Apple replacing it! So Jai and Ariana are back together?? Oh how I've waited for this day didifncirh ready set GO ! Los Angles They put a face on my coffee :) Smile. :) life is what you make it. My whole heart will be forever yours I just wanted say thank you. Your beatsscout of is awesome. I start day listening to it every day &amp; it gets me going. Had the sweetest train driver wish the train I'm on to "have a lovely weekend and thank you" etc Didn't like this song at first but it's been stuck in my head for a week. Brilliant and Loving these, nice very nice Look who got their passport today! I'm oober excited! Can't wait to go to Spain! U never replied me as u think I'm an right:( no problem. Stay &amp; Lots of Luv.Gonna miss u:( We've been chanting this around the office - Friday finally over, paper work done, long weekend and last trip to park this season. I checked my account before work this morning and my club shipment is coming soon!!!!! Some say its a , or a or and What do you think? Some say its a , or a or and What do you think? Just one more hot day to go This is what love feels like. So happy I Could Die Oki Sushi Walking around downtown on the first sunny day of the week was a prime idea. And who knew the South Union Bread Cafe was so yummy?! Sorry no drinking today I am back to days tomorrow life is a beautiful adventure Disneyland and California Advebture... Happiest place on Earth!! Disneyland After 11 days our we're taking our wee boy home. Thanks to all at Yorkhill Children's Hospital! Well: Drink Your Greens: I had never been a fan of drinks with greens in them, but recently I concocted... You need a quiet mind to let positive thoughts in.Negativity will NEVER make you feel &amp; New workout clothes and been for a good run already! Today is a good day :D 12 Best Tips from Happy Grads Life is all that you want it to be... Happy Friday everyone Don't worry, be happy! No matter what the others say..... Great picture!!!!!! today i taught something to a kindergarden kid and it absolutely made my day Just saw my ex ha ha she shit bricks with the look on her face ha ha slices of banner by ArigigiPixel, $5.99 I'm sick of that song too The 1st&amp;Best Video, did you miss it? check it! No more work till the 13th of May, birthday break Queen on full blast, writing fanfic and texting my bestie :) Karaoke sesh with Hannah before our night out Free lunch &amp; half way through the day =) OMG !!! He only bloody phoned me dint 'e ??!! On my way to loving life. Feeling oh so cozy with teal &amp; neutrals Bring on the 4 day weekend that is my birthday! Happy a great May bank holiday everyone :-) Country living can't get enough! Any people left? Further FRESH thoughts on the surreal turns of 'Global Happiness Inc' by Miia... My exams are over not on fire.. Lmao! Be happy for yourself. No one else can be it for you Finished exams! 34 hours flying to Spain for 2 weeks all paid for by uni ryan Hoy actividad al aire libre.. &lt;3 Gonna be a good day! Finished my GKE class right on time!! I feel so happy! All good things, all good things. God has smiled on me ! With this this should be every day. Me ... or part of me :D At -- Happy birthday to the coolest attorney I know! When a song changes your day completely. Perfecto diita de playa con ellas! you realise you haven't done anything but for some reason you feel proud of yourself, that's me today Roms linda como siempre C.C Jockey Plaza to our Fav, ! Have a good one Bro! A girl could definitely get used to this 5 star kind of hotel life... Just a Friday!! Haha!! 949.369.1052 Officially passed, graduating! and hard work pays off! to have Ella Jane and my Gorgeous, brave, beautiful wife and fantastic mother back home. no it's not. It's a happy day The only thing that keeps me sane on all these long train journeys is being so wrapped up in a good book Nothing more horrid when a girl comes out of a relationship+starts slaggin around n posts who u tryna convince? Me or urself? in our salon makes our clients happy A person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. Cheers to all the Art Therapy Tweeps who present for free and pay their own way to conferencesyou make the Special is a moment that you choose to make special. Hit way more in the sweet spot this week! Batcade) Last night here in the Already strong relationships have been fortified and product development underway Just bought all our sun tan lotions for our honeymoon so we finally have everything we need now to go away!! Cant wait!! xxx Thanks for sending me buttons! My hippo has new backpack friends! I have the most rewarding job in the world. It's amazing how hearing just one word can change your life Got my first tattoo :) I taught I was going to lose my debate today but I won. Roxanne is uiteindelik by die huis! Yep I just had me one of these! Thank you Because I'm and happiness is the truth! Have been offered place on culinary arts fd degree program Happy birthday to the coolest attorney I know! It's the weekend! I'm so happy!!! Time needs to slow down cause I don't want this weekend to be over!! Those flirty conversations when you first start talking to someone are great and a new duo ? Finally got a new phone! Hahahhahaha off to a meeting but first let us take a selfie. lol Road trippppp!! let the messyness commence ... and the one and only CARLIE!!! Today was a good day. 7 hours driving in the desert La rousse de ma vie Off to the NNcafe to watch the bands Photo: Rules are made to be broken I have thee worlds best fiance Home owner really Happy with the Savings they will now be making on their utility bills. It's ridiculous how giddy I get when he shows me off Thanks for my bank holiday present Some aventus just in time for Birmingham tomorrow Thats how we do a team dinner Here's to my last Biology Bar Crawl! Seniors 2014 remember this, please :) &lt;3 xo I just purchased my first car VW golf Nothing like good old Disney songs to make you smile :D They have new Switched at Birth episodes on Netflix! Last day of classes today If this isn't your you wish it is! I can't wait for you wedding! Its gunna be great! Il me copie dans tout ce que je fais! Photo: Happiness is not something ready-made.It comes from your own actions. Happy Birthday Bam Bam ! Lining up to be a great summer!! The best video features 12 dogs and 1 cat on a beach in Radio has a great way of making a person cringe when hearing a song Afternoon tea looking across Fistral beach I'm in a bi-polar mood today.. Taking the for a walk. Triathlon: 1/4 mile swim 5 mile bike and 2 mile run Best Dinner Ever!! St. Marc Cafe Vivo City still managed to do my fastest mile at 7.03 wtf lol how???? I just wonder who impregnated Iris? The ome thing I love more than climbing that is Drawing!!!! :D That was a good ending of the school day But first let me take a selfie feeling like I forgave you nice day. nice walk with mom around the block, looking at the flowers. she didn't call me a jive turkey today. you still happy happy ?!!!! Skin as white as snow Great start to this long weekend ahead It's like the first day of Spring for me covering stools from the dump Having an amazing day! Wow YAY MY BAE IS HOME FOR THE SUMMER The face of pure joy :) I got another letter from Adam:) Very very with my i've 2 2 and by El Corte Ingles ^_^ Grumpy is more contagious then Happy! We need to be around more positive peeps to offset! can't believe he is finally a member of this world. But this means I can say hi to him. So mister Moyer: hi from Belgium!!! tribute to May 02, 2014 at 09:20PM Always feel good after a good walk and catch up with On my favorite kind of date :) I'm officially on 17 :) and officially from 6 years one Alien :) Please wish me Happy B-day pls &lt;3 Time for baby steel to come out and play! And they finally confirmed me the days off to go to Kansas City and see in the :D Bu gece de byleee :) :)))) "Happy" Marching/Pep Band Sheet Music Arrangement Got that network offer on YouTube I smile &amp; the smiles I've received back make me smile even more! soooo excited right now sues done me basket for the baby :-) eeeeeek Simple, the best things often are..... C'mon y'all! Clap along to katoninetales' fave jam! I've seen once in the last two years, and we're finally just 7 hours away from being reunited. William shouted out Well at least we can be that it is May and a bank holiday with an extra day off :) Being home in time to catch some of makes me our for a bunch of for a Bookstore or an empty library is my happy place. Wow.. my girlfriend really liked my :) Decided to go lighter for Summer Talking to that one guy that always seems to make you smile like a retard at your phone... I won't those days for anything My heart is so so full today Even though schools and family has me down and out -- I now own a car ! It's been over a year since my first one died Fab, busy week away packed with all things &amp; NICE. Now home with family so excited !! My baby boy is getting wed ! x Home waitin on my woman to get hone so I can take care of her and then go run the streets Went on a selfie rampage, liked this one Get lost in my thoughts :-) Had my last Spanish lesson on Wednesday All I can say is im blessed. I have a great gf, good job, new car, a nice place to live, xant really ask for anything else. Mail from the boyfriend makes everything better. Especially when it's a mix CD. Someone just stopped me to take a picture of my hat Leyla and Tugce so SalentoWeb Radio 10 weeks without a !!! Check out the kid stunt lol Handed in my two weeks notice at planet bean! I feel quite happy about it! Had a job interview and got the job all today And tonight Mr arjunvagale killed it at I would like to introduce to you my 7th nephew, Jim Finally found a place in Dallas that will board Elmer while I'm out of town!! Happy to me!! My shipment of came in!! When you hear overplayed song This is my life right now I changed to be more mature and focus Listening to 80s/90s mega hits wi hubby n a few cans Yaa work mood! Lindo dia a toditos ;) In so much pain still :( but it was all worth it :) Laptop doesn't turn off if I unplug the charger now Yay!! Purple and it's not so cold out. No extra layers to shed. It's a beautiful day!!! You are my sunshine my only sunshine you make me happy when skies are grey Keri Welwyn Garden City should get a price. I can now put on and take out my contacts like a pro thanks to her Yaa work mood! Lindo dia a toditos ;) Just gotta being a right? Leaving work early. Why? Because it is beautiful outside and to spend time with Had a great time with my pe classes today at High Park. Walked the trails, played soccer &amp; soccer baseball. Don't worry, be happy . My two favourite things to wake up to. Thanks to my best friend for making my day. Yaa work mood! Lindo dia a toditos ;) why thank you, Brad. Friday. Smiles...Love2Love Everything happens for a reason i like this reason here Gym, shooting, and tanning. Day off number one has been successful There are Times when You Need to think about what you want in life and if this is all Worth it On the bright side, spending the whole weekend with bae. And it's been great so far. choose well... and be with the Today just keeps getting better and better! Sam the new trailer makes me want to dance and sing along with 's song!!! made a 100% on my math test!! heck yesss Cant nun bring me down I feel so blessed to be working where I am. And to be working with such amazing people. T&amp;O Diversity Festival was a success! So glad my interview went really well today :) Haha que tardecica con mis gordis' A little scruffy. Time to shave! What is the worst job you could have? Mpiyakhe, how, when did they sleep together?" the days he just returned from Bhubhesini Like a bug in a rug. sleeping at 3 in the afternoon. I need to calm down on all the selfies..... Naaaaat! That's how we do it at work Esto pasara cuando te vea What a lovely day it was with See you again on con-day :-D This evenings little project :) Love coming home to a big delivery! Se convierte Lady Gago! danielonieves My brother has become her makeup doll Chilling with the crew the fun we have Drinks with my girl makes me feel so much better. Fail Video - New Year Ultimate Summer Fail Compilation 2014 - New Year This song is always on. Sitting up pretty good without a sitter Cannot put into words how and I feel right now - Happiness is: Being BadAss Everyday! No matter what! 4 para ver a no caigo! Loving yourself a bit too much today. Friday selfie with Data Vimenca Happy birthday David Beckham! Remember this day? Ahoraaaa siii felizz !!! Workout done pelo !!! Al borde de la locura. yes. Very it's washable because already playing outside with it! Live for now, take bad people out of your life, you are woth so much more Happy Friday beautiful tulips and watermelon juice My dreams are coming true! I'm going to Queens for college YES! GOT AN A* IN DRAMA!! the feels! Almost halfway there! Honestly this is flying by &amp; I'm thankful! Photo: Aw. Antonio and Andrew. done with exams and officially have a new lab to work in this summer. Probs gonna be judged to be a glory fan now I CAN have a ssn tik. Always wanted one but now my lil girl wants to go too My hair is growing...... Friday night, home alone.... It's the weekend and everyone should be happy At the end of the day you gotta be for you:)." Watching despicable me 2. ... Is time travel possible? Read "Free to Pillage" and find out! Lose your self to dance... Turisteando Great wedding. 100+ standing n dancing with us. Loads of fun and hug it out at the so content at the moment !! Guzel bi haftasonu dilegi ile I am so ready for my work day to be over.then the weekend begins woohoo Today's prompt. Oh I likey :) Take 1 hr just for you lovelies :) Today, these make me happy. Thanks for hookin a girl up!!! Got my 69 slam bikini There's no escaping this song! Good catch up with the team today My nails are growing long for 1st time in years dads eventually brung home a new crate of hydr8 water :) I couldn't be happier with all my flaws &amp; imperfections. is my new fave event! Junior won the Novice - 26 double clear! Camino al splitttt En la cromi Awwww yay :3 favourited my tweet If you hashtag your Instagram pictures with I already hate you Yay lovely night weigh would never end cuz then wouldn't have to do .ten hour shift tomorrow!! nature walk with my paj I live by those memories. As of today I've been lucky enough to be with this goofball for a year and a half. some of my personal favs: and Alyssa! Who makes you smile? It's and feeling like a kiddo. So we make popsicles. They are back in &lt;3 tribute to May 02, 2014 at 11:19PM 'Grey's Anatomy': What did you think of Isaiah Washington's return as Burke? !! Good night to end a boring week 4 days off now and now chillin with a few cans with good company in my new pad Just made business cards for my movement. It's getting serious folks. extreme rules yes yes yes On a fait des bulles rue du savon Earlier today....smiling cause I can. Turn your frown upside down It's Friday andd it's sunny I am on cloud nine!!! If there was a cloud ten I'd be all over that one! Appreciate everything you have and remember you determine your own happiness You cant bring me down So much today because we do alot of things... Bought things for &amp; applied our this one is honestly worth it. We are from added to our collection: I'm so proud to say I'm officially a permanent member of staff within the NHS. All my hard work and effort paid off. This song has never sucked... And has been my ringtone for my boyfriend's calls for 5 years. I'm back to Twitter... lastly! So Because being happy has to come from within... Nearly all of my tweets have at least one smiley face :) For the first time, in a very long time, I'm actually looking forward to this bank holiday break ;-) I want 2 wish a Happy Birthday to my favorite from your uncle party-time#friends#family#cake#funtimes Photo: robbiehazen: Very happy with the new haircut :) So with all the products I just got. Who wants to try some at my cost? Just got my nails did You just made my day! :D Was a lovely day !! :D Does anybody else think the G looks like the kool-aid man? I think it's smiling! Trampoline is ready and little princess is happy proposed this evening....I said Yes! Great afternoon with my pup. Bought some new workout clothing from Nike and Abercrombie &amp; Fitch I got accepted into the nursing program!!! Perfect day with the best Are you making excuses as to why you can't be now? Here's help: Loving The Single Life; It Seems Like Everything Is Working In My Favor!! :-) I honestly think I deserve to be this happy for once Everything is just top notch! Keep interested in their work to keep them and | via Vacaciones rumbo a Santo Domingo Caribe Tours) Week 3 day 2 training for my first 5K; has played ALWAYS half way through My cousin took a photo of me in front of my house door ^u^ "Happy" Marching/Pep Band Sheet Music Arrangement Finally back after an amazing two days in Bath Feel like a new woman love dark hair! Day 11 spending the bank holiday weekend in Paris, my fav city Fun weekend about to begin: a game of and gig of Feeling lucky to have a lovely bf. wine, orchid and choc waiting for me I finished my Chris drawing today c: pretty proud :D yay! Not even related. This is My last Friday at the bank I know I'm good for something, I just haven't found it yet. If people would be more forgiving then hating we'd all live in a much more and world My current mood rn: chill and going with the flow Enjoying my latte, the of and the new ONE membership. Hey pharrell we are twins! Happy Friday!! - Belinda is a dope track no lie just amazing Michael jackso, feat justin timberlake My last Friday at the bank Tanning bed is getting wired in Feeling bright on this cold brissy morning! Excited to hit body combat for some fun today :) Proper after finally getting an officialbotdf &amp; just amazing Michael jackson feat justin timberlake when i am sad I listen to to make me happy and well of course Had the best day seen as this wain has been up since 6 its time for bed omg today I said hello to my crush and he said hello back just amazing Michael jackson feat justin timberlake We're about to go eat some Pho though I mean, I just can't... I love my family more than words can say Did you know: I can make any item in my online shop in high quality cotton or bamboo yarn for those with or Great day got my 105 kg back squat PB spent time with my brother at a gig &amp; now cuddling my special little boy let's celebrate this!! 9 months living here Fantastic end to a wonderful week! days ! Today was a good day! My heart is full of love for people tonight. AMEN! I LOVE God. He makes my life so every single day! Got a new phone YAY very happy :D What is the secret to a long and life? Finallllly got good work experience somewhere I love this summer :') My new kitten!!!! I get him in a couple of weeks feather73 Had to get that Carmel Frap got hour lol 3 to 5 all fraps half off they better pay We are excited nana is here! Holy crap the sun is out! Finally! Singing Falling in love with Jesus heart#happy girl#in the zone Falling asleep with you tonight is making it perfect Cumple del primito con la family y la nena tagsforlikes Conversaciones por Skype inolvidables !! :D Thank you for the Starbucks! Oh I can't help but be when I hear that song!!! Have you all seen Steve Jobs Stanford Commencement Speech from 2005? A Pia colada slurpee can turn my day around Happy because I feel like a room without a roof. "it Can't Rain All The Time " Friday ;-) I love a good Chinese massage! Chilling on my living room floor.. San Antonio (TX) Baby Alice-Monroe is wide awake and having a private rav by the feels of things lol. For being 31 weeks pregnant I hiked like a champ. I'm actually going to do it this time ok "Bitch, don't kill my vibe." The cubs beat the cardinals. Again. Tomorrow is prom. We graduate in 23 days. Brilliant evening with in Nottingham xx We had a blast vitalic Enjoying myself at the Replay Events pokernight. Big stacking right now. Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth Nunca te olvides de sonreir Guess who's a published writer in Polishing Contractor magazine :) Happy girls are the prettiest!!!! My morning, I'm so blessed.. Amazing fashion show tonight Had a blast! Fave looks had to be Nakau &amp; Beverley!! My twin gettin her snack on with 'Toons Doc Manohoran is ECSTATIC with my cardiac results!!! Can't you tell???? That IS his face!!! Broke 2 fingernails, ricked my neck doing love machine,got told I was an inspirational woman it's good to be back Life is good y'all! All of the planets seem to be lining up!! - Hope goes the same for you! Just realized accepted my friend request on Xbox Soooo excited to have booked our honeymoon for December!! Made up to finally be going to NYC!! xxxx Glad that my persistence and determination paid off! hanging out with and livvy tonight for dinner and fun! Nothing better than an off day from work and Yo Joy with my favorite little princess!!! Commencement is coming really soon :) Beautiful kickoff to the Took this after my ride today. Thank u for getting me to 50,000 subscribers Awww I'm so proud, check My princess up there getting her award :) Long skype with my so good to see them again. Sometimes all it takes is one person to remind you the world isn't such a bad place. are because they have the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see never grows This is gonna be the best day of my life Food makes me so darn happy Panera Bread First of May first sign of spring and sunshine too bad I cudn see u tdae, will make it up to you Anyone else very pleased with the amount of Bank Holidays in April/May? "And so now I'll start over with you and build you up again You will be again and merrily." 31:4 Six scientists. Six suicides. What secret are they dying to protect? Do you think could happen? Six scientists. Six suicides. What secret are they dying to protect? Do you think could happen? New : So cute! by rebekahmcallisterxx U r the bomb girlfriend! Truly a work of art! Thank U Jen &amp; have a wonderful weekend! A weekend is a good time to out in your local neighborhood Celebrating tonight that sometimes things really do work out. Still can't get over last night's BOP hosting! Weee...! morning girls... weekend \^_^/ (with Ache, Gracia Miranda, and 8 others) Why you should always knock on the door That is correct the co-founder of Allen Blue is a happy customer. Stanley Park Third Beach - Stanley Park There are blessings hidden in every struggle you face, open your heart and mind to see them. yg ultah di bln mei "Happy" Marching/Pep Band Sheet Music Arrangement We're a little bit crazy. Going out to the big city with my babe Love you! Just chillin' after a hard workout Just killed my philosophy final, 1 more&amp;I'm officially done w/my freshman year of college your bud is right now! Congrats on the renewal rock The of from my !! Watching wild child puts me in a good mood I believe I can fly ...I guess when your passion becomes all you do, you're at peace I like how I never made honors English but got into AP We Ready for guys! :p aree you ready??? :O 3WorkFlow Signed in.. Checked in.. And now it's rest and relax time.. Thankful for another great week! Let's get it started, in here! fatmaturgut baycantemiz Cool Mona's Countdown to de Mayo: Bitter - recipes drinks Cinco de Mayo The truth is rarely pure and never simple. Weekly dinner at village with my parents Because I'm happy Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof Because Clap along if you feel like happines is the truth. Because I'm daytona! Woo! Heather! Woo! :D taking mom to for Mother's Day celebration - lunch &amp; wine pick up at &amp; Kristine Ashe! Whenever I hear the song by now I automatically think of family video. :-) I heard you're feeling nothing's going right. Why don't you let me stop by birthday franny You look so much better when you smile. Thx God For Today,, Weekend:D the sickly sweet smell of my mixture of scented candles is weirdly comforting :) &lt;3 14 yrs 10 mnths 9 days! FREE AT LAST! H1B work visa accepted - on my way to Green Card! About damn time! Have you checked out the ONE website for ALL things and in the American get with dance via asdfghj elisha has finally started giffing gilmore girls! :D finally got a bathing suit! &amp; now getting some Chinese &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; sushi. Today at Rotterdam maaudjj ouihame_ Clap along if you feel like is the truth Because Im Clap along if you know what is to you Because Im College, afternoon drinks, Frankie &amp; Benny's, post-concord First weigh in for my group last night and they lost a whopping 8 and a half stone. Absolutely amazing So happy to finally be out of the closet! Happy Friday! Jennifer Parke Photography Laugh laugh laugh laugh laugh laugh ! i adore this one :D it really make me :D Watching the boy mow the yard sure makes me Just finished my first varsity track season! Ended the season running my personal record (PR) with a 2:31 in the 800m! back to atx! Made a friend at work today while walking a clients puppy. She has always been a Thank God my phone is fixed . Drew this for a another cousin Ready to see some Spidey action 20lovebug Wow! If I am already happy, I can't imagine what's coming! Congrats to my nephew who has been drafted by Pats Bantams. We have Sheet Music for hits like and Many More! Me &amp; the Twin Couldn't be more proud of Michael for finally getting his masters Day I'm to live in America! I have religious freedom, the pursuit Got to talk with on the phone for a while!!! Just got blessed with a flat tire!!! Such a huge weight was just lifted from my shoulders!!!! How I love that I can record shows get to watch vampire diaries Suck it 23! I'm finally at the door to 24. This is a look of pure bliss. Had been waiting for this moment I keep seeing "86%" over the last month or so Concept drawings for a character I was working on. She has snake like skin 23: on a nice day. This is what looks like in Spokane. Dance Break! We believe in celebrating giving. Milo looking happy after trying to eat my hair Getting to hand-feed giraffes doesn't make your problems go away, but it sure helps u forget them for a while! thank you for the friday I'm 1 lucky girl I tel u... Couldn't ask 4 more A long one - listen while you tweet baby! Next few years are going to be amazing for comic book films :') Never take your health for granted Shoe dreaming. Charlotte Olympia in fine form. How Tuco likes to sleep nice nice nice nice OS Hapiness is a way of travel not a destination Hiking today with TJ was too great! He's the best! Now time for wings and Cptn Amurica w/older brothers. The joys of being an uncle getting to hear my niece in her piano recital Last assignment done, no lectures or assignments until October! Feliz con mi familia pollo Oye Dilli, you're bleddy not even in the same generation as Bombay and Calcutta. Pick your game prahva! Oye Dilli, you're bleddy not even in the same generation as Bombay and Calcutta. Pick your game prahva! On a scale of 1 to Polar opposite of how I felt in Tech School, I guess you could say I'm in an awesome mood 270 in my pocket by Sunday That moment when ptv says new music is coming I'm to be with my Que grande son los ninos! Back in and there is grass...Green Grass!! tribute to May 03, 2014 at 02:19AM The baby duckies hatched! at 