thats what you get when you take a nap of 3 hours in the afternoon and drink red bull A view from the balcony where will be performing in 13days!! I'm in 6th row in the stalls I've got a mad case of gym high. Definitely shouldn't have just eaten all these. Goy a masters degree in "Being Ignored " Excited to watch on tonight gonna add to my night of giggles I feel like I am in such an annoying mood, I just need to play! I'm in some type of mood today And this is the reason I don't drink caffeine... Going to a party and deciding its a good idea to eat something you leave. In hindsight, celery and Dr Pepper Zero isn't very helpful Pre workout has got me feeling some type of way 100 squats and 100 sit-ups what next? feeling fit starbucks put coffee when i said not to .. welp my parents are in for a surprise when they get home Two Scotsman started from the bottom! Kayla Rossier So um... Coffee. Equals right? Shite. That explains everything I genuinely didn't think today would be any good, oh how wrong was I. I'm still up... and I'm in the mood of updating my twitter. hahaha!! Good morning y'all!! 5 hour energy to the dome! Now I remember why I don't take stuff like this bouncing off the walls and shit lol Think I drank too much coffee today all in one day lol Gonna watch The Amazing Spider Man 2 tonight! Wheeeeee Finding out that mine&amp;lyds girl crushes are in Dummy together omg! Why am I in such a good mood i couldn't tell ya Dads away to get my new car such a lucky lass It don't make sense the amount of annoyance that comes out of Brandon's mouth early in the morning I'm in my room on my own dancing like a idiot The latte ibhave has me bouncing off of the walls!!!! Me , and rockstars we guzzled down today hahah Currently playing: how much can I annoy before he kicks me out of his room. I'm not sure you needed more sugar My snapchats right now &gt;&gt; i probably shouldn't have drank a red bull this late.. I probably shouldn't have had an iced coffee and a diet coke tonight My mum had a baby girl!!! Luna is one hyper ass kitten!!!!!!!! Boredom leads to selfies :P I'm blowing up snapchat. But do I care? Naw. Drinking coffee in the library at this hour yeah. definitely feeling the effects of the coffee. I live for these nights!! Haga Peter Picked A Peck of Pickled Peppers Omg don't give me fanta fruit twist in 5 minutes, my 12 year old son was all mellow. He is finally asleep!!! :) Shoutout to prom candidates for all the sweets this morning It might have been a mistake to buy a large coffee I HOPE EVERYONE HAS A GREAT DAY BECAUSE YALL ARE AWESOME Shouldn't of had an energy drink before my speech! I have had enough coffee to energize a horse WHY IS COFFEE SO GOOD? I won't rest until I've found a cure for my hyperactivity disorder. Guess whose back? The world's fastest reader. Lmao I was on my snapchat game last night! When you drink an energy drink you be like! Been wide awake since 2 am... Sorry for whoever I texted between then and now i've been drinkin monsters everyday lately. Been having way too much candy lately So soooo happy and hyper like a little kid What has this stuff done to me Now I know why I don't normally have coffee in the morning, bouncing off the walls! Jammin to music that gets me all amped up before class is such a bad idea bc I can't sit still in class, yet I do it everyday Should definitely not have had that coffee. BOUNCINGGGG!!! I am really starting to feel the effects of that steroid shot I got yesterday... I've had no breakfast but I've had 2 energy drinks and coffee In such a random mood. school was epic today like i eat something and it got me feel and i became the class clown for the day xD lmfaoooo I died laughing up 47.00 Dadadee we like to party dancing with miley doing whatever we want this our house this is our rules and we cant stop this Starbucks got me fucked up right now Fed my niece 6 Jaffa cakes and now she is running around screaming I got pink lemonade lucozade. Its OK! But bet I don't fuckin sleep. This is the preworkout mix is still kicking in hours after my workout face So excited about tomorrow's wedding... 25 guests at the beautiful Clissold House! Not gonna be able to sleep tonight!!! So apparently it was her first time with Cotten candy..not my best idea lol beckyc_136 YOUNG NIGGA MOVE THAT DOPE is on a mad one tonight My aunty is the fucking bomb!!!!! I love spend time with all of them. Someone having a temper tantrum? I never usually watch the late late, but feck all else on. It's ok. This lad is gas! Anyone else tempted to set off now Only just come down from the packet of chocolate buttons I ate earlier. Sent me crackers. RR Chilling wit d TEAM!!!! I'm so much more when I don't take my ADHD meds Done with my 10k run today! Will do biking after breakfast Man Darren would kill me if I killed Lea. I think this hobbit needs to calm down. I may or may not kill right now.... Im waiting to have that sugar crash... So then I will be able to sleep... cause right now there isn't any sleeping This is what happens when your bestfriend and you are hyper... Jammed to some good music earlier. Drank a Monster...got me feeling some type of way. It's going to be a long night! always happy and hyper...yupp that's me I don't think I will get to bed tonight Join the bandwagon! showed her Selfie &amp; declared herself a !!! When you drink an energy drink you be like! Its never too late to post your SELFIE!!! POST THEM ONLINE with the hashtag and you're in for a HYPER surprise! Drinking that DoubleShot probably wasn't the best idea I am wide awake right now. The innocent face of shiro. Pretty eyes. This is me leaving from after finding out that we have dont take me tongue tied ~ dont wave no goodbye ~ dontttttttttttttt :| I went to after church and driving home I saw and I ordered a w/Oreos Check out my hit dropped by prod by its HUGE like One kid that has more energy than me. she's exhausting but always fun. My circus lights prevent me from sleeping but I love them nevertheless Up bright and early to tidy the flat with the tunes blaring Guess whos still awake I AM !!!! Like a Dino-Sir! One of my favourite t-shirts! Such a nice day time to get dressed and take Roxi for a walk and enjoy this sun ave a good one tweeters :) Yellow alert! At Home, Muntinlupa City Convinced the vets gave my puppy an injection of speed instead of his boaster injection! So looking back at my tweets and fb chats last night it's clear to see I went a bit mental SAVE BIG with our incredible View our here &gt;&gt; I really like Matt Edmondson but boy, that Zac Efron interview was what's the name of the hotel tonight? I'm excited to meet the Scotish lot!! Running on two coffees and an energy drink There is one thing my kid has to learn, and quick...it's not cool to wake up at 5am on a Saturday Up by Crush on S'toon's New and Refreshing The Mix! Check out this item I found on eBay: Chocolate + candy + coke= !!!! The thing about and three kids 7, 5, and 5? The syrup. It has the same effects as Playing with the rascal princess Jgh from love desserts. Thankyou sa treat ate Spazzstick is a brand of chapstick that's made with caffeine to keep you alert."better avoid !!!!!! A day well spent :) Keep calm Nashies :) haahha. after having coffee I'm always like I kinda get into my pt 15 They got too calm so I thought I'd give them more sugar for the trip home When you drink an energy drink you be like! After getting coffee this morning I was reminded exactly why I wasn't allowing myself to drink caffeine haha Check out "Fresh Air" on Vimeo My friends can probably understand this. Nobody ask me how much caffeine I had today... just got off the 4 wheeler wit my bro... Just had my first ever Double Shot of Espresso. The effects are starting to kick in. Nothing more stressful then watching the game with my mom Me and my lil brother. Well not really lil but okay, you get the point hahahaha. My child at the enjoying herself! Sitting here at the desk at work trying to get my computer shit done and I can't sit still. This wedding coordinator clearly downed a case of Red Bull earlier Someone having a temper tantrum? Ok. Which one of you have my kids sugar. You can tell when I had too much energy drinks WHEN.... We are singing 'Frozen' soundtrack stupidly outta tune and loudly Feelin' like a gangsta this morning Bought myself some pre workout supps for the first time! I'm gonna be buzzing my tits off tomorrow! Back at RWU &amp; thinking maybe I shouldn't have stopped Dunks on the way back... 3 coffees today seems to be too much for me being crazy with a banana Was told by 3 different customers today that they'd be scared to see me on caffeine Play dates with these doodle dogs 10 hours of sleep charging ... 100 % Complete :D Im gonna be up forever tonight! I drunk to much coke Been going for a solid 30 minutes like this! She'll sleep good tonight! Harley going ham on his chew toy! Had fun with my cousin yesterday He's been doing this for half an hour now Wth. Where did all this energy come from? &amp; wants to kill me So so gay, sleep pattern where no one wants to come play at 04:11 in the morn :( darn body clock! Can't calm down. Need to sleep. One huper i met today Such a good movie! Kind of in a party mood tonight. What's happening tonight!?! :) Boys will be boys no matter what lool! At the hospital with momma! Feel better soon! Who needs alcohol when you have coffee? :D I should really not at caffeine this late at night. I may or may not have just gotten an Mountain Dew. This could be bad... Or hilarious. Sending people random videos on snapchat cos I'm bored &amp; my phone will finally let me send them :') At -- such a hyper girl now this is like my drug So what do you do at 2am when you've been to a midnight showing of and from I literally can't stop moving!! I felt the rush I have before a so I just grabbed my + went for a 5k night + beat it. Screw you :) Tweet tweet tweet .... Tweeting my life away lol Holy shit I'm really right now 4 cups of coffee later and wants to go to sleep. BITCH. IM FUKKING WIRED. Chelsea is acting real cute right now You know it's finals week when you've made 7 pots of hot tea!!!! Peanut butter cake and caramel frappe is a bad combi xD I need to stop drinking so much coffee SORRY I JUST GOT PHONE BACK gettin the hang of this tweet tweet teet stank I'm GOOD MORNTING I've drunk enough coffee to make my heart or head explode &amp; it's not even 6am! Whats sadder? I need more Oh you know I'm up bouncing around now I feel like this was me on Saturday! This reflect my current mood Pre-workout supp. The effect is still there. Wowza realising I've only had four hours of sleep is not surprising to me hahahahah For a Monday, today was actually really fun! :) xx Accidentally drank brewed ice coffee with two shots. I don't know how my heart did not explode craze is building up! awaits!!! i just sent my 4 to school with candy bars n soda!!! My name is Hy (Pronunced hi) and may I like you while you drive? I need cut off from energy drinks.. I'm at the point in studying where I need to switch from country to dubstep my new dance group Vine message me if u want to be in im so slap happppy &amp; loves it Cant wait to see my boy Why did I have to take a four hr nap now I can't go back to sleep ugh Patrick all hyper, dancing around. Yet another sleepless night, housework's done, dinners cooked...I think I would go stir crazy without music to distract me! I'VE NEVER HAD COFFEE BEFORE AND I'M SCARED OF WHAT IT IS DOING TO MY BODY RIGHT NOW. is on drugs for sure To hyper to go to sleep I think this guy has taken all the sugar from that candy and put it into his body cuz he is Now I remember why I don't drink monster Tht much anymore Earn 2x points on EVERYTHING at any PnP store till 18 May! Earn 2x points on EVERYTHING at any PnP store till 18 May! Probably wasnt a good idea to buy Dutch Bros 10:30 . im never going to sleep now . I've got too much energy got my own good right nooooowwww Finally pulled 125kg for 5! Road trip to London to excited to see and ...thank you Someone having a temper tantrum? Deadline handed in, having fun at LCM and feeling FRUITY! pmsl class. aye u wud be better learning them words mate hahaha. 4 freekin days!!!!!!!! I miss this little pretty! Hihi followed by never fails to leave me extra I'm feeling great today Idek why. When my manager makes me come in at 3:30 in the morning! He brings me this!! Im not going to schoooooooooolll today gotta finish a project and the new song from JT and MJ is perf. usually he follows me and sits on the vanity when I brush my teeth. He's now doing laps of the house. Getting caught with a in class. I just chugged an entire Red Bull I've had about 3 cups of coffee... I feel like I could run around the school about 5 times Omg me trying to roll over and the noiseprobs just Hannah Hope Moylan &amp; I laughing ... In a great mood for some reason too buzzin for this weekend This energy drink is doing me dirty The amount of caffeine I've had today is disgusting Can't sit still right now I feel like I have ADHD trying to study for the CRNE. Can't focus more than 2 minutes at a time. Why did I drink coffee earlier? Starting the night a can tell already am gan to be hyper for the next 6 weeks...a feel like a wee bairn So, I'm starting to think that venti coffee earlier was a bad idea. I feel like an unmedicated ADHD child. I wanna be a youtuber so I can meet other youtubers. feeling like a Chihuahua because I've got caffeine in my system &amp; trap music in my headphones. literally shaking. Watching Harry potter on TV even though I've got them all on DVD Representing while lifting today. Looking forward to building the HYPER program at our new How kids act when they try coffee for the first time Wee brady bhoy is finally sleeping ... had to scrape him off the ceiling last 2 nights One too many energy drinks I have been asked at least 8 times in the past 15 minutes what drugs I'm on. I didn't take anything. In the best mood ever!!!!! hmmm maybe it's like how blue is usually raspberry? Does it taste good tho....cuz that's what matters most Check out this item I found on eBay: "was as a cold as a omg Lynne I'm the same. It's all I,ll think about now. beyond &amp; feeling Change in the Air!!! I wuv her soo much He's so full of energy he tired me out#2yearsold Rather hyper...dancing around room with Why does my body / brain come to life at this time??? I knew you were trouble when you walked in! And so we eat,eat, eat but they are not getting fat, fat, fat I think contestant Mary needs to see a counselor. She seems like a bundle of unexpressed emotions. had to much kool aid Caffeine does things to me. Okay, that was not a good idea! Currently giggling my head off for no reason and can't sit still.. i cant stop laughing...i really dont think he needs the icecream though... Congrats michelle!! You deserve it Having coffee and cake at 9pm is not a smart idea. I'm still hyper from my pre-workout I just have way too much energy all of a sudden I need to get out of the house, I'm driving my mom crazy.. 2 for 2 Lge. Championships this year!! Thanks Would love to know why the hell I am up rn..... I was bored and so yea Cx I cannot even say how much sugar I've had tonight. My whole family is in bed right now...someone come play wiff me!!! This medicine has me wired All I ever wanted in my life is some chocolate cake!!!!!!! GEEZE Olaf, why you so active tonight? When you take way to much pre workout My 12 year old, you know the one that is a bit hyper from time to time I have so much energy right now. Swipe &amp; earn 2x points on EVERYTHING at any till 18 May! Dont miss out! Swipe &amp; earn 2x points on EVERYTHING at any till 18 May! Dont miss out! Bumping out the Lil' Kim this morning! "if I was a dude I'd tell ya'll to suck my Dick" loooool I've eaten four packs of sugar in just two class periods. How to achieve a flow state Tina literally poured the whole sugar bottle into her coffee in 5 minutes, my 12 year old son was all mellow. Don't think drinking 6.4% beer at this time in the morning is such a good idea Don't know what is wrong with Daniel today... Trying to Sing in the shower prancing round the hotel room naked Still feeling the full affects of post FFA Banquet I've consumed far to much sugar this morning This tastes absolutely amazing, but oh my fuck 71g of sugar!!! Yeah, this bonding time is way much better than playing with my phone! It's amazing what a hours nap can do for you it's will fly in the last few weeks, we got lucky and mim was a week early, I don't think I slept for the first few days too addicted to him for this past few days! Car shopping for my 21st Sick hyperrevs that is getting Are you coming upstairs Austin?? Why did Kenz and I drink coffee this morning?! Day of work with Be ready for me!! to I need an outlet for all of this pent up energy Seattle it's been real. until next time hehehehe This should be an interesting day who knew writing a french essay on ww2 would be so funny thanks for the extra caffeine boost I can barely sit still feeling a little hyper and not quite sure why Drinking a coffee with 5 sugars in it. oh the pure joys of a caffeine rush people do I look as stupid as you?! bah ha ha ha I dislike waiting. Patience is a selective virtue Angeline liar hahahahaha her mom asking her if she ate chocoloate she said NO. She ate pancake with nutella kaya. that's 9 shots of espresso.... 4 make you a bit crazy, Omgoodness won't stop the from running wild!!! Daughter has a friend round after school Been buzzing all day today and still bouncing for no reason, starting to do my own head in now Ashley Tisdale va faire un fashion blog I ask for a small and jina tells him venti I want to jump from a roof on to a trampoline and dive into a pool Still need to write 2 pages, but was falling asleep so I took a cola. Prob. shouldn't have done that though.. Like if I could punch through a wall right now with a broken lamp in my other hand I'd be able to relax. Don't know what I've eaten but can't stop talking Q4 I always know I have a gold coming on 'cos my BGs go up and stay up days before hand Trying to get Abram asleep right now is such a challenge I love him I wouldn't trade this boy for the world ! I apologize to everyone in the student parking lot at Massey for Abby's driving! I need someone to teach me soccer I've had too much sugar because tito james_gatchie took to pick me up. kicked in already. you're not supposed to have coffee after 3 Nicole Why am i not tired, its almost midnight the effect of late night exercise i guess Exciting night of booking holidays,yaaaay It is 01:57 in the morning and this is me right now.....#wideawake Regretting drinking that iced coffee tonight... Uploading Hyper Paradise Mixtape !! Seriously this is the first day I haven't been stressed in 2 weeks. Thanks to Patrick for this fine photograph Having coffee at night sometimes isn't a good idea I have way to much energy for this little sleep at this time 'Dr Pepper, so misunderstood' Talking to bands_are_my_life_3687 on FaceTime trying to and failing miserably!!! 