Typical. Fell asleep when was here, now she's left I'm wide awake and lonely. Ok well this is going well On a bit if a snapchat mission tonight an not entirely sure why. Having one of those days were I feel like I'm not wanted in any ones life First time sleeping alone for about 2 weeks it's shite! Lying in bed all day is not as nice as it sounds. Bored, way to nice of a day to not do anything, who wants to do something? Good luck to people who have shat on others and really not cared at all Might put my baby girl in bed with me tonight Waiting for someone to text is so annoying Guna miss my mum and dad when they go on holiday tomorrow Please follow me, I am so lonely Lonely Planet Sydney (Travel Guide) National Bestfriend Day is such a depressing time of the year... av got no frenz Everybody in the waiting room is with somebody. I'm the only one on my own, as per usual, and today I'm depressed by this. First time in weeks Iv been in bed by my self! :-( Can't wait to get home and shout invisible dog to get at foot of bed My family want to hurry up and come home Sleeping on it's back away from the others, so adorable ^_^ sore head and no one to cuddle so going to bed now.. I came home and no one is here! When your in a relationship..#fail Ahh Chatty has left me in our haunted flat until Wednesday Lonely. There is no one to talk to. Listening to Drake can have you feeling every type of way i am listening to the song "mai kitna tanha tanha lonely lonely" not coz i like this shit but coz i am Wish I was in a relationship I'm just going to spend the rest of the night crying until I fall asleep. Ha! That's exactly how I am feeling tonight. Photo: I Love You Always . I wish I had RL life friends who lived close to me because I would really love a friend to hang out with right about now. Just me and the uke tonight! May I finally get the strumming right xD What's everyone doing? Living alone is only really fun when your not home. why cant that person just love me?!?! I will 5 years have past, still caught in her gravity. I'm stuck there with her but she's not there anymore. Having one of those nights when the single life gets to you. Everybody Wanna Fall Asleep On Me ! Both of my bestfriends need to get their belly button pierced ! Only one woke in this house I hate sleeping without you Always, i'm the one who is being ignored... Just got off. I'm actually staying at my place for the first time 2 weeks. I hate being up so late by myself. is the best fucking song ever!! Idk why lately when ppl ask me what I'm doing, I legit be telling them my whole plans.. Lmfao thoughts on Thursday nights, that's when I think of u My boyfriend needs to get off work wishing Vince was sleeping next to me tonight. Stuffing pillows in Ally's bed to make it look like she's here no one is ever awake as late as I am and it sucks come help me study for my midterm - (#) (Teaser) (+playlist): via Wait A Minute Khelo Tickets Are On Sale For DC !!! Yaaaaaaaasss...but i have no one to ho with I miss having your company sometimes. I'm so lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely After spending two nights in a massive house with very few house mates makes me never want to live in a mansion And the lonely heart cries I'm so grateful Tinder was not around in my drinking days. What I feel, can only be expressed with tears... Ordered pizza so my pizza guy would come hang out with me - (#) (M/V MAKING FILM): via I have just migrated to Gates Center from Hunt Library. NO ONE IS HERE... If anyone were to walk by my cubby in the lib, they would experience a serious full on dance session performed by yours truly I just want some company I've been single for two years the fuck you mean the right one will come along bitch died or something you know what sucks? when your bestfriend gets a full time job I often fall asleep on bae.. But when bae falls asleep I'm like Dear God, if today I lose my hope, please remind me that your plan is greater than my dreams I can't sleep at all right now. There's a tear in my beer cause I'm crying for ya dear come and accompany me guyss My room is lonely and depressing Lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely Sat in the staff room alone because I start at the odd time of half 9.... Wish would of state at my house and cuddle Office is basically empty today Going to Newcastle on your own really is not the one yeah. Now go form alone lad. Pretty sure we have rehearsals now&amp;i'm currently sat here alone... They always try to steal your because they're &amp; just your man is Can the miracle happen and get you back ? I've texted my mum four times already today and she only been at work for an hour Who am I kidding. Im lonely as hell. I hate it. It overwhelms me. I even dream about being lonely.. Guess its how it will always be. "There were roses on marble tops, lilies encompassing arm chairs and hoards..." Obviously didn't get the memo about the room change Me a month ago. new pics soon. I need more people to play with. It sucks being on my own As I have nothing to do all day, I think I shall go and fix my radio in my car Really looking forward to taking my car over bristol for servicing and being stranded for 2-3 hours waiting. Need a friend or a lift He touched my heart with a thousand pleasures and broke it into million pieces.. Making funny faces at myself because I have no friends :'( I'm lonely so lonely, someone talk to me? Fuck nigga I don't wanna be your homie so yeah basically by ki... To every one I'm not special I'm limited edition people can judge all they want!! It is Lonely Around Here ***** *** ***** Spending the day at my grandparents because no one else is around Woke up to my bf yesterday and spent the day with my mom &amp; sister. Now it's just me and Banjo. I can't blame you, poor little fresher Bored. -_- cant wait to see my cousins again! aha aha aha i'm so lonely -.- come to me Tweeting to myself bcos I'm facing traumatic experiences all by myself I try to eat with you but youre not here Once again my best friend ditches me for her boyfrien..... After take a bath :D has made me come to the walk in centre all on my own My sister is going home tomorrow, now I have to go back to spending my days talking to my cat Lonely girl surrounded by roses And I'll go back into the dark. heartsclub ditched me for her driving lesson :( I try to watch a movie with you but youre not here That moment when you see you have more pictures of your pet then people on you phone I have many idols! I'm a polygamous what can I say? I'm feeling so depressed today I've never been this sick in my life before where about are you in the lib? I want someone to eat my lunch with This is gonna be harder than I thought ... We have nothing, we really have nothing Why am I so early to work?!?! Why are all of my friends sleeping? So I'm not working all weekend+I have no plans! My bed feels so big with juss me in it. Wish my baby boy was home. Fall in when you're not when you're .. That moment when ur favorite singer never tweets u back Had a dream he was here and I woke up and he wasnt. Only thing in my bed with my was Belle. Now recruiting people to sit with me at lunch today Good Morning. First morning alone in forever. Its only me and two other people in the oec room. call him Maxine from now I wear boys cologne so that I can attract more girl friends I'm so now that has gone back to work I fucking hate this school First day without my staff and I already miss them. I hate being the only guy at work I just need someone to cuddle with - (bahasa ver)here &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt; LET'S FLY B1A4 !!! Well Cultural Voices is gonna be fun all by myself. Have fun at Big 9 Jezza Kyle is my only friend rn If this is what grown up jobs involve, I want no part of it. I hate when off and my friends are at school because I want twitter friends! I promise I don't bite I think I'm about to tear up some waffle house. Hate I have to do it alone. Stuck in hospital! Worse place ever :( Please let me go outside! haven't been on a real date in almost 2years something's wrong with me lol lol You Are Really When One Of Your Neighbors Is This Close 'NASA's Cassini spacecraft has just captured anot...' Lazy FRIDAY hair up make up half done!! Is it time to go home yet? They left me alone on my second day of internship Someone come have lunch with me You always like the ones you can't have :/ If anyone wants to text me that'd be cool So I'm just laying in bed, cuddling with my pillow. Lonely? Find a nearby Bingo Hall! Lot's of Fun and Friendly People! Feeling all of these bc I miss my daddy and I will never get to see him again bc he's my spirit I need someone to talk too ,.... Hyungs,, oediga???? You know who your friends are when u need them &lt;\3 When you're in concert band and all your friends are gone at big 9 because they are in symphonic band. I actually want to kill myself so badly, but I can't :( money does not buy happiness hahahaha nooo I was sat there and like I've got no friends ha Gonna be the only one left today FRESH about to have me doing covers all day yo! Not having a gig partner sucks, so many bands I haven't seen someone come traveling with me next year please! Baby, I'm so lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely~ Just occured to me 11am earlier was the last time I'm going to be saying any words until going into work at 2pm tomorrow Why will people not get with me??? Caring for a loved one? Here are some ways to overcome loneliness throughout from Is it sad to be ordering takeaway for one? (~_~;) baan chun chom at sathorn Why am I always the only one in my group here:| guys I feel as unloved as the white coloring crayon Lol! Not far panda. Suncoast Miss u too Manda, I'm working the night sheeeft moments at work :(# I'm having lunch by myself I don't.... I supervise myself. At least I have someone when I'm bored &amp; lonely but successful.. One of a kind hole digger. Nobody dries a towel's tears. Manuel's At Great Hills I wish I had a crystal ball I'd give my right arm to see the future I wanna see people i want to see right now! I wanna hug them and talk to them even in a short period of time. Fact: I miss everyone I happy I did't get to go to school, but I wish Emily was here to hang out. Really going to need to find a new workout buddy if I'm going to keep lifting this early in the afternoon there is no one up here right now 5 Things to do by yourself. Next year bae gonna know its real I'm so craving sushi!! But I have nobody to go with!! It is Lonely Around Here ***** *** ***** where you be!!! I'm DYIN here without ya Tell me the point, please normally lives at my house and I begin to not notice her. Now she's on holiday without me I notice her a lot I seriously need someone to talk to Sitting home alone is actually the worst. I hate when u friends ditch u i am a person. Everyday Two weeks without an email from tonight I am having to eat at the beefeater alone Missin all my frandz right about now Hey there fellow tweets how about too bad mine is spent alone Ive been an emotional whirlwind the past two days and I dont like it. I get so excited when people knock on the door, but they are just looking for the RA. It sucks when people don't understand you. (N) (: Feeling a little unwanted at the moment. Are my fantasies impossible to actually get? . I just want someone to talk to, hold, be stupid with, be anything and everything! Bfs gone home for the weekend As if Kieran's ditched es to go stop some water leaking through someone's ceiling I need a social life Such a boring day day First day with absolutely nothing to do or anyone to hangout with :/ Boredome is trending in my life. just spent an hour on the phone chatting nonsense to parents ;) Ok I lied I really miss dc!!! I have one friend and everyone else is fake and horrible. I hate high school. :'( Wish I had some pals to work with First time getting to English before the 1 minuet bell and mrs. Wallace says "where's your sidekick at" aka Kayla Never realized how much I talk to my sister in school until she's not here I just want to cuddle. Anyone else? and It's going to be a long weekend Indulging myself! In for a long weekend.... :( My mum and her friends are getting drunk and I'm just sat here with my cat Urin amugeotdo eopguna jeongmal amugeotdo eopguna MT Feeling or isolated? Can a companion -M Why I do not need anyone? Why am I feeling so needed?! Ahhhhh With all your show biz pals I see What do you do when you're craving a nandos and you have no one to go with ? ... Recreate ? I don't want fake friends or nothing close to that. I want true friends but it seems like there isn't any out there for me. Just drove my 13 year old sister to a party, and when I got home I cuddled my cat and started watching corrie. Hugs?" Yes Pls!! Need One!! Night in on my own , oh the joy ! Someone come keep me company in the library Now officially all by myself Sometimes I think about packing my stuff, selling all my shit and moving ad working in another country. I might just do that. Am I the only one that wasn't aware of 's death? Wow. I guess no-one's coming out to play tonight When my family is in disneyland and I'm in pg watching Netflix Bubble bath, exfoliate, face mask, eyebrows, tanning, moisturising and a hair mask will get me through this friday night alone! missing Jason :( hopefully we can spend next weekend together! I had to make a couple bandz by my OKAY! I'm not OK. I feel so lonely! When I'm with my family= lonely. With friends= lonely. JUST.... Someone come and keep me company :( Still searching for my red neck Romeo Bae is napping and all my friends are either busy or not answering their phones.. Great FaceTime session with my Dad Left my phone for 5 hours, still no texts Siri so sweet. My besfren Who wants to come babysit with me? When Sara leaves to work I usually wait for Chiqui to come home but she's not today Why do people record themselves smoking I need to get a pet soon I am now the only one in my office I swear I only have one roommate sometimes. Caelyn and Sarah are always MIA No, I'm not okay. No, there's nothing you can say to make me feel better right now. i hate the word it remind me of how i am .. Wish I had someone to talk to I wish my bf would talk to me but he is to busy Being alone does not mean you are lonely, and being lonely does not mean you are alone. Somebody please hangout with me Ben&amp;Jerry's and Sims2... BEST NIGHT OF MY YEAR SO FAR!!! laurapepperx Why is everyone leaving this summer? :( My family is no where to be found Fall in when you're not when you're .. Everybody has a girlfriend/boyfriend and their is me.. Just me.. With my dog.. Watching the first episode of two and a half men I just wanna have one person beside me. Just one. I feel lonely ...... lol &amp; .... Everyone seems to be on date night apart from me Cute how my family have all planned tomorrow night away without me :):):) it's cool guys I'll just man the fort with the dog Anyone please come with me to free comic book day this Saturday!! First night in the house on my own whilst the fella is at work In AP all alone - WHERE IS EVERYONE? Wants Kevin to wake up already!!! im defo gunna watch that now! great night in on your own film hahah So Graemes away for 3 days on a stag do... The longest time we've spent apart in the whole 5 1/2 years together! Why does no one ever respond to me guys? First weekend without tom... Roll on next week Haven't heard from anyone all day guess I'll start my next shift soon bleh The sad part of this is that he knows how many HR's we hit. Made with by FREE iOS app Cup of tea and chocolate in bed while the boyfriend is on night shifts nights aren't the one!! I'll never fuck then tell. What I do is my sex life is my business nobody elses. Room is dumb quiet right now. wish Stacey stayed this weekend Are people ignoring me or am I just texting the wrong people??? Such a boring night when Karl falls asleep early! The littlest hobo (carrot), left behind after all the others were chosen first It's been less than 24 hours and I'm already cuddled up in Stuarts tshirt wishing he was home Hello saturday ( : Somewhere in Israel Why Don't Novody Want My Ugly Ass I swear I'll be good eating a second slice of chocolate cake :-\ Getting turned down by for prom has ruined my week... I wish my housemates are downstairs studying with me Photo: Something in the rain It makes me I honestly am about to fall asleep in the back at work Subuh. Check out. Of to the airport. Pacific Orient Hotel Is anyone back in NOVA yet? Thoughts of u help when I'm... Lonely (featuring Sylver) - ( ) Lyrics now on if anyone would like to be a doll and text me that would be greatly appriciated People with no friends be like... I have no friends lmao -.- Wouldn't mind company on nights like this it's class! Come do it :( What to do when you have nothing left. No life no friends no trust no girl. time to get my self right I've given up on trying to get guys to like me. Early bed time! :/ :( guess who turn pro in 97..... yep I don't tweet anything, and I feel like I missed even more stuff. Wish someone was here with me! in this double bed at the hotel :( someone join me? Looking for something to do tonight...all else has failed. Come visit the library it's dead in here... Friday night and nothing to do "You can't be lonely on the sea - you're too alone." ~Tania Aebi Don't text me when you're lonely or bored. I miss my 3 brothers and 3 puppies I need me a boyfriend dang Need friends at the lib Should have went to Kzoo too :( need to sleep but I can't :( 12 hours tomorrow will be back Realize I was in way more than I ever get being . Feel so strange being in bed on my own now Being in bed without Brandon is one of the worst things ever I I need new friends Love all the invites that I never get to go out. so who wants to keep me company this weekend. Des nothing dat i fear most than feeling im affraid of Rejection im affraid of hurting I want all the food right now... Pretty much of my life these days. Asked to babysit at 7:30 but turns out the kids might not be home until 9:00... Being in another persons house alone sucks Kinda wish I had someone to spoil, care for, and love unconditionally always That song which reminds you of a person you didnt want to think about.. -.- Arghh, rest of the family all happily snoring away and I'm awake and can't get to sleep. King sized beds are simply not designed to be slept in by just one person. Unless you're obese or a rampant starfisher. I don't know what to do with myself Don't like been in bed on my own anymore! my man best hurry up home! - (bahasa ver)here &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt; LET'S FLY B1A4 !!! Watching scary movies with my dog I wish wasn't so tired so she would hangout with me I don't even know when the last time I was this bored was I wish britt didn't have drill tomorrow so we could do something tonight I miss my puppy, and now I have no one to cuddle and nap with Not good when every1 sleeping and your awake Being alone does not mean you are lonely, and being lonely does not mean you are alone. Fact: Eating a full meal alone in McDonalds is depressing. &amp; At -- My faggot you can actually come home now!!!! Sometimes u just need someone to hug u. Not say anything just hug u. I'm debating whether or not I want to buy a whole pizza and watch netflix by myself already missing res where I had people around to entertain me at any time of day First years have so many friends. I think I have five. aah... none of my friends are on twitter! 3X Ooh! They're never online! Yeah I feel lost, but at least I'm not trapped Ohhh! Gonna say cuddling nephew seems odd haha but fair enough. I've just got me pillow! XD Wishing I was anywhere but York right now. Really wish I had someone here to watch the game with tonight. between your studying and being off shore, I need to drink! Nothing to do on a friday just want to cuddle :( why is this lil girl all over me? I don't know about you... No girls trick skate here :( Okay friends. Let's reassemble in our rightful places at CNU, okay? Let's go. me TOO! here without you belly baby rub ya Boys are gone, I have the apt to myself.. what to do, what to do and but he's super normal and rules at sex. I hate night time too much thinking going on I wish my friends were still on campus. I can't focus with no one here. Discover London Travel (Lonely Planet), Planet is anyone actually at west lib. Working at relay for life wishing I had a swing dance partner My sister needs to get off work yooooooo does anyone wanna go shopping with me on Tuesday If I and a bf I would be out with him and not being alone a Friday night Being alone this long is not a good idea. I miss my boyfriend already can't believe Matthews fallen asleep Dear John is making me cry like a little baby right now, but in all honesty what doesn't? self esteem goes way down when you feel left out. Missing the homies this weekend &amp; Guess I'm going to bed No ones at Lakeland so I go to my house and there's no one there. So sad all my best friends live so far away. I just wish I could be with you all.. Especially tonight. If I was to be a fruit, i'd be a kela. Taking a shot by yourself cause your friends are taking too long... Time for Dexter and cuddles with my kitten on a lonely Friday night.. A bad night to not like Big Sean Oh u know just stalking people like a normal teenager would do on a Friday night Alex will be gone till Monday. I wish I new my neighbors.... this not knowing anyone thing is killing me I Wish Would Hurry Home. school was bad today. decided that she was too "cool" to go to school today. smh smh. Someone hang out with me wish I were there in NYC Someone come over and watch movies with me. chillin' watching the game on the idiot box. I'm Beginning to think you've forgotten me. Only one taking the sat in plainview Hope I get a txt back. Wish my bf was here to cuddle instead of being sick Canceled plans are seriously the coolest, especially short notice. Well..so mom and step dad go to dinner without me after remix. Guess I'll go home and not eat since there's not much there Sometimes tweeting is basically like talking to yourself. 3 days without internet on is like itself happened for a while!!! Everyone is sleeping but me. Missing in the pressbox tonight No one in my house likes me and most of my friends are gone My super awesome Friday night! I need to work out because to be honesty: I need to be more disciplined and also I really need a girlfriend. &lt;3 I really wish would come home already! Do u know those peeps who have something to do......yeah I'm the opposite lol Single black heel, looking for a pairing. Into foot play. BJ's Brewery Came home to my baby asleep. :( fml They say God gives you your true loves first, and he did and I messed it all up with all of them an boy am I sure paying for it now Life gives us twists and turns that fuck with your head. I hate being alone. It's so boring. It's so weird how everyone just dissappread :( Making pasta with bacon (turkey) and cheese and watching netflix. You know...wanting to cuddle up and watching movies makes me realize how fucking single I am lol the only girls I wanna go to dinner and get drinks with right now live in flagstaff. Cold beer, fire, but no party, Why won't Alex wake up and talk to me Tbh I hold my own hand when I sleep sometimes. Missing my core right now Hope she's having a fun I never wanna come to my cottage without my brothers again.. Somebody feel free to come join my food &amp; Netflix fest The world seemed so much brighter when you were here... I wish I was told I was loved on a regular basis Kinda miss having a "thing" with a girl. oh am I not cool enough then wow... What do I do on Friday nights? Make my self ice cream sundaes and eat homemade guacamole and queso! Wtf is this.....I'm drinking tea and listening The 1975 whilst reading and shopping on the computer,and my cat comes up.. Me only have 3 People, No Lie! Just Me, Myself &amp; I... But If Me &amp; Myself find love who the Fv&lt;k ago be there for I?! Nobody really love u tho Exam weekend=loneliest weekend of my life. Everyone else is turning up and I'm opening up...the books that is! Since you're gone.... Night - scp One of the only people on campus... I'll just watch basketball then tweet when its done.im not talking to her tonight Alone at the airport... Where is my brother??? When im alone I party with myself After tonight "events" it's one of those nights where I hate being alone ohh im sorry did someone not take you? Everybody Went To Sleep On Me Like Wtf I just want my sisters Beth and Lizzie Back!! Boringest Friday night in a loonnnggg time If you really cared about me, you would understand that my mistakes I made in the past aren't who I am now me ndd bae broke ^ sum1 cum cuddle wuddle wif me?! Going to my volleyball tournament alone for the first time I just want to Skype someone who will make me laugh. How i'll expend my weekend because i don't care about anyone. I want a cute promposal! What a curse to live to a 100. Out live your family n friends by 30 years. Awwww, that's adorable.. Too bad my boyfriend hasn't replied to me in 16 years When your friends go out for cigarettes and leave you at the the table with the drinks.. - (#) (Full ver.2): via God damn I miss you... Sleeping by myself for the first time in what feels like monnnnnnnnnnths. Sometimes music is the only company I've got. I have all together too many feelings tonight. Someone come cuddle me, please? Post checkouts. Cleaning out the apartment, making some sloppy joes, feeling This is the reason why i hate LDR someonee needs to watch it with me :(:( When no longer playing an active role in the service industry, it is easy to feel useless on a Friday night. I really need someone to talk to right now:( Self expression doesn't work with family members. lol that's just an awesome night!! I guess I just miss you Why can't I have a cuddle buddy at least? I just want him to come over so we can cuddle and fall asleep. /: I feel like nobody hits me up anymore :/ dont even feel bad for reading bio three times a day. :) I wanna cuddle :( so I put like 5 pillows behind me friends bf is with her and sisters flirting with his friend.. Watching twilight with me, myself and I. I'm back home and now I'm realizing I'm probably the only person here that doesn't sleep! my dad isnt even coming home tonight.... ok then I just like to be left alone sometimes, no Im not angry, no Im not sad. I just like to be alone! can people dm me pls If I come home to an empty apartment I at least deserve a dog. I need to get a friend who goes to bed after 11pm... this is what you become when you are a player lol I feel like our conversations are fading. It's like I'm talking to myself :/ Do you wanna build a snowman? Totally loving my lotso pillow pet right now. Sleeper Population: 1 where y'all at? Yo i didnt even get in the club tonight waited for dumb long but i order mad wings and cheese sticks so my night lit I think I'm gonna go to the arboretum lolz - (#) (Teaser) (+playlist): via I apparently spend my Friday nights at the gym now. Who am I? Everything just feels so different now. Made a couple bands by my Not how I expected to spend my last night in Arkansas. I am soooooo bored Saturday afternoon movie is going to be a cry fest ... My Sister's Keeper I wish one of my dogs were sleeping with me tonight Whoever gets me a guinea pig will make me the happiest person on this plant Late night Watching So hair or not. at makes me sad that i hardly talk to any of my family. i wish i could see them everyday, but thats not how it works. Just another night, me myself and I. Ain't nothin new, I'm just tryina survive. - (#) (M/V MAKING FILM): via She just used me for my bed bc she forgot her keys and her roommate wasn't there. Trust my mother to be late picking me up from the airport I'll just sit on my own in a cupboard :-) East Point by Joan Carroll - Prints and Posters for Sale Fall in when you're not when you're .. Got back to the etta and my room is empty. To act and damn the consequence, I wish it could be, that easy... But fear surrounds me like a fence I wanna break free Don't know why I get cold when I'm lonely... Maybe it has to do with you. Once you connect with yourself,it is impossible to be or I just have to wait for my mom to go to bed so I can have the whole house to myself : ) Hate it when kyle goes to work and leaves me in bed Ahhh close up :3 Lonely MV literally everyone is having a more interesting night than me If I only knew people from Honolulu Hawaii maybe I wouldn't be lake when I go Baby,I Just Wanna Speng Sometime With You &lt;3 They call it twitter but I can't find any birds. I sleep with my dog Lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely Times like this, I remember that I'm one of the only people I know that has to stay awake all night without people to talk to. I am completely alone today. Not really sure what I'm going to do for 9 days without I cuddle with my pillow sober and drunk hmmm Spending the day sorting out my bookshelf Can't wait to get roommates. I'm sick of being in the house by myself all the time Start this - - may14 in - What is the % of in Ireland who are feeling What is the % of in Ireland who are feeling My roomie moved out alr... the room is so empty... I don't know what I'm gonna do either!!! It's going to be really difficult an hour and a half until Stephens out of work, hurry up I don't wanna be so anymore. Tired of the haha keep staying in that bubble of yours ;) will pop eventually Another day spent inside alone I guess ... Having such a big bed is pointless for me hahaha *sigh* All alone in a hotel room and my FREAKEN friend keeps kiking me telling me scary stories about 'The Grudge' I'm up 6 am. Watching knock out videos. I try to eat with you but youre not here It's been long since I made a tweet. So yeah. Shoutout to my pillow for being there with me always. you guys!!! Come to Halstead and run with me... You know it makes sense Anyone whos watching EGL stream wanna join a party and speak to meh Going to be nice to see you again! The SLC right now feels like a scene from The Walking Dead ... I try to watch a movie with you but youre not here need one of my mates with me to cheer me up feel like im just going to break down and cry What is love when your heart is not with me? Everyone has plans for this weekend.. Even my mum! If anybody is testing at Heritage please let me know It's raining all weekend... I need to make a cuddle buddy application. I'm playing the guitar while making up random love songs about my love life Spend my Saturdays watching fresh meat and plowing through the football league with Weston-Super-Mare, We have nothing, we really have nothing Don't think there's ever a time when my parents are home All alone at the bar for kickoff... Someone come hold me :( OH WAIt that never happens :'( :'( :'( what a lovely day for doing....... bugger all :/ I feel like it's just me and in this pub. miss my husband already... hate when he works weekends :-/ I've sent texts to my fam, and not one has replied waking up in the morning and all your friends are taking the sat Anyone who wants to be My Twitter friend? Windy nights always make me feel lonely... you'll have to save me one and bring it back! Everyone's leaving this weekend:( Feelin like Akon because I'm so lonely Hating the lonely life. Can't wait to be with her again. Fantasizing about those hott construction workers... right back at you. Ever feel like you're the only one in the world not getting penetrated at a particular moment? Haven't been on this in a grip I look and I got like 13 new followers My mum needs to come home now Photo: Is there like a friend shop where I can invest in some friends? Brilliant bank holiday weekend of washing cleaning and revising I hate this screw growing up I just want to be back in Maryville with my friends!! hasn't been 24 hours yet One of my favorite girls in my whole world. Miss you. Need you It's freezing. Cuddles would be appreciated. come save me I'm on my own at the entrance board!! 8 days until I see Not that I'm counting. My family just don't love me I could cry right now. Who else is on the 12:00 bus? I wish my friends would come home Can you people hurry up with your finals so we can play catchphrase and kemps?! You know who you are Doggie.. I want a doggie.. franco brothers and channing tatum were in my dream ln...how does one react after waking up from that Why do I always wake up so early? Someone needs to bring me their baby !! and just accompany me in this weekend!! I need someone to sit with at the wedding today Lonely? Find a nearby Bingo Hall! Lot's of Fun and Friendly People! Yeahhhhh.. I never sleep at night. Haven't been to bed.. Screw work and screw sleep apparently. I blame for feeling this way I'm grumpy too !! Especially being in pain 24/7 with shitty meds. But do I treat others like crap, no !! Everyone went out birthday shopping for me... Anyone wanna take me to see Spiderman?? Lol 8 miles in the sunshine this morning! Would have rather run wih is anybody there to the rescue? { } Someone come to the ball fheld and buy stuff. I wish everybody would wake up lol How do I make friends here ? How do I keep myself occupied until 5? Someone come keep me company until Lauren gets out of practice you left me for Iain. mostly how I feel right now It makes me happy and sad when I dream about you.. If you a real hitta do it by yo I need to find more friends that actually like horror movies! I have no brothers or sisters or lucky In need of some company lol Reaching for the 5 HTP this morning I want to go out tonight Only cloud in the sky According to my texts my only friend is Mrs. Hamilton I cant! Ima just lay here all day . Rain gauge and a Maytag repairman. Just wish I had someone to speak to Dave and Phil have been doing stuff to his transit for like 4 hours now. Great way to spend our first Saturday off together Ugh I hate when Johnny's at work Shitty, disgusting, nothing, &amp; waste. Yup, sums up how I feel since the baby arrived. Maybe before was all an act. rain makes everything better! via I know I did something bad, wish she could come back. Never meant it to be this way. I want nothing more than to be with my babies When my teacher ask me to be here at 11:30 and she not even here yet. Both my boos are taking tests today :( If I don't see within the next 30 days I'm going to flip shit. I just wanted to hang and talk to someone lol a good I'm busy would be cool. Don't ignore me :( Always hate this time of the day at this time of the month Hanging out on the beach enjoying the day. So sad all my friends are leaving. Mega sad days when you're away to tesco to buy a ready meal for one I need friends just moved to Colorado springs and don't know anyone springs Someone gemme flower..who is she?? I don't think i'll ever find someone who will love me as much as i'll love them. so ah? Come let's chat! Wish my friends were still here so I could bother them :/// I wish i had a server with friends to play minecraft on Why is my 21 yrr. Old sister watching lilo and stitch 2 Great day to be home alone.. lol... Wish I had a running partner just want Martha to come Active dislike of anyone happy/content today. How do people cope with the feels when they can't drink?! Fall in when you're not when you're .. I don't like sport club presentation evenings anyway, but when it's not even for me I don't like being at uni when no one else is For all your fellow at if you ever get working alone then checkout our soon to launch app! Sooo Today I was feeling .. Then I opened - . Wish you were here too. Well I think we can call that bedtime I miss her a lot. And you cant even imagine how pathetic it makes me feel because I dont even know if she misses me back." Someone come entertain me at work. Urin amugeotdo eopguna jeongmal amugeotdo eopguna Someone I can call my own would be great! To laugh act goofy and just do things with but sadly I'm I think thought the opening riff to Obviously was so good it was worth using again I think you have to be in the mood to be home alone, I feel way too sociable for it tonight so arrived at work -dinner on , watching bgt then casualty and boom hello plane ! its not here till ten Actually spending my free time coding Such a beautiful day and I'm stuck all alone with nothing to do. What's sad is it almost feels normal. Just wish I had a friend on a day like today. All alone in the color room at the salon. Unusual. Wish I had someone to snuggle with.. Not even my cat cuddles.. Ignore ashlyn day is in full effect Anyone up for a talk ? all my family are busy with friends and I'm just sat by myself drinking tea Motto of my evening: that bottle needs to be finished Waiting for my Chinese to come Only one person in the waiting room at 1300hrs . Gunna tell my bf to get a twitter, so I can tweet someone Struggling tonight. Felling very lonely, n beyond exhausted!! Bedtime soon I think!! I need a night out. A real one with my best friends drinking &amp; getting into mischief &amp; hitting on hot girls &amp; getting dressed up ... Some people you call friends can be a piece of sh!t ! How do people live alone I am just doing this on satnight Finding out when my baby girls here, my sisters are gone! There's quite as depressing as making dinner for 1 I think I am experiencing separation anxiety when my roommates leave. Stranded in house alone while shes doing baby things watching hockey and supernatural Where is my family?? None of them have there phones - (bahasa ver)here &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt; LET'S FLY B1A4 !!! Pff why can't anyone love me? Am i that bad ? Am i that annoying ? Am i that stupid? It must be.. Man, things really suck in Central Valley Fresno. been home alone since 9, my cousin hits me up cause he's home alone too I miss being at home! Can I just sleep all day? don't remember the last time I had a cwtch off a guy over the age of 3? da fuck. I hate not being included in the plans my friends make. I do remember all the great stuff in my life but it would be even better if you were here I basically don't work at GSCO .... I'm more of a chauffeur "Just a small town living in the She took the train going cos i couldnt deal with that shit right now. come visit! came home to no one lol Also none of my friends who live close enough to hang out are answering their phones. Bitches It is Lonely Around Here ***** *** ***** I need a boyfriend to take care of me when I'm sick....VictoriaSecrets..cupcake...flower... back rub...pink My parents have more of a social life than me. I'm invisible to practically everyone Someone come keep me company I hate being single ughhh No one texts me back, merp merp Just sat here watching the girls on dating websites. Do I laugh or cry for them? Feel really low and shitty. I wish I could just chat to someone who gave a shit Home alone 8pm to 8am.. Fed up and want my mum Right now banksstbar with clydesawizard makin' I miss you. I'm counting the Seconds until I see you on September 2nd. My heart bleeds. I miss you. I'm counting the Seconds until I see you on September 2nd. My heart bleeds. MISS U TOO It's sad cause even doesn't want to hang out wiff me tonight A year ago today the WORST Night of my life was lived!v Minster Loosing Someone You Love, Hurts A Lot.........And All Because Of Stupid Idiots And Mistakes! xx &lt;/3 xx :'( :( Can someone just bring me icecream and watch movies with me? Uhhh ohhhh I neeeed a thunderbudddyyy She says. "It shows who your real friends are" but it's doesn't make me feel better cause I don't have no fuckin friends! Spending my last Saturday in Alfred sober laying in bed... Cool Gerry and my dad having football banter I wish I had a girl to flirt with right now lol :) Oh that's right no, because I'M THE ONLY ONE HERE.. not having moves on the weekend is the best Just had an argument with my mom about being selfish by wanting to go off to college.... "LONELY" -Speaker Knockers | U MAD, or NAHHH | 5 am blues Beatles something in the way she moves: I wanna go to apples bees n watch the fight but I have nobody to go with If I see anymore House of Cards actors at I'll worry they're the characters &amp; I crossed universes. Great I Get To Spend My Saturday At Home While My Friends Have Fun. Woop.. 3 hours or so till the woman comes home! i wish all my close friends wouldnt have moved so far away. This is what lonely Saturday nights do you needless to say, waiting for your dinner date in a restaurant alone sucks That one moment when you're so bored that you start a comment war. This is gonna be fun haha Saturday nights are too fun someone should seriously come over and watch some netflix with me someone come over and watch movies. Thanks and for not coming with me For some reason I just want to have a movie night with someone. Any takers? Sometimes I check if my 20 followers are still following me I should've invited someone over... needs to hurry up. Cause I'm here by myself tonight and have nothing to do. Will I ever be a part of a group? When my mom is mad at me she doesn't talk to me. but I need her to talk to me bc I have no friends to talk to First Saturday off since I started working... What do I do with myself? Hitting up on-demand for the rest of the night. The "all my friends went home this weekend and I'm all alone" face. I'm by myself all the time. All day everyday. Even when Jordan's here I'm alone BC he's asleep BC he's on nights. ): Some one visit at work Jon didn't want to come to Iowa, so no family picture with him. Break isn't the same when the boys arent here I saw my bae today zayyyuuummmmnnn was he looking good (aka McDonalds) - Tonight I really could have done with someone cuddling me to sleep I wish I had people to be with on the weekends. You have turned me into a cuddle monster and you aren't here to cuddle with. Someone do something with me tonight please "Gunna stay up for the match" ....*knocks out at 10pm* Sitting beside the person you love and feeling so alone.. like you're invisible to them... All my weekends are pretty much the same Someone wanna bring me dinner? I think I'm going to die of loneliness. Fall in when you're not when you're .. Put on a full face of makeup and a dress just to pick up a pizza. helpe shame into being my I don't like this whole "being home alone all day" thing. Really feeling alone! Someone save me! everybody jus up n left :"( Looks like its going to be just me, myself, and Big Bang Theory. Being on campus right now is like being a survivor during a zombie apocalypse Call me a name, kill me with words. 10:00 on a Saturday night and i am studying for my AP test All I want 2 do is tlk 2 u is that 2 much 2 ask I had stopped feeling so lonely until I had someone hold me...now he's gone and I'm lonely again Vins at the movies so I can't even text him my every thought as I think it now what am I supposed to do????? be strong enough to let go &amp;&amp; patient enough to wait for what u deserve. I love how celebrates my homecoming by sleeping all night.... Wish I could just go to sleep and wake up in Minnesota. Am I like the only person not doing a single thing tonight?? I want to text some more girls to text Really need this book tonight. I want a gf rn.. I feel so lonely.. Everybody out n shit &amp; at home like.. Where are all my humans?? Photo: Have you ever feel so lonely? Have you ever feel so lonely? Great first couple of days at KR! I hope the weather (and golfers) picks up soon though in my suite by myself... how does this happen.... I'm pretty much talking to myself. I don't really care to be honest It's such a strange feeling not having anyone laying next to me. Who tryna chill and watch the game? These are times when I wish I wasn't the only child Idaho cardio: chase elk for 2 hours screaming "LOVE ME" I do find the whole 'finding a mate' in London thing incredibly tedious Home alone just ordered pizza Well.....they clearly ain't watching with me tonight :/ Mixed emotions on living alone. So bored right now. If only i had friends to hangout with... Where is everybody!!! Home alone im tired :( nobody wants to talk to me Someone save me from Fisher.. why aren't you here Sometimes i snapchat "team snapchat" just to see if they will snap me back Currently sitting on the deck, candles lit drinking red wine just hanging by myself, is that depressing? Lol Someone should just come hold me im tweeting because there is no one here with me 1800-668-6868 when r out of control &amp;u need I think everyone in the world had something to do tonight except me Feeling down :( why?? No clue... You are really not alone. Need some weed, a movie, some cigarettes, and a fucking chill buddy No one wants to get turnt with a cripple Watching Tia flirt with a guy while I just chill One of those nights where all I wish I had was someone to cuddle and watch a movie with =( This shower bout to make love to me, I'm off work, &amp; I'm chillin USA 811 Jared Leto Jared Leto wears skirt to iHeartRadio Awards ginalimp Missouri USA Independence wishing I was at home with Kalen Bout to go home &amp;&amp; chill it 4 the night Ha Ha Ha U Mad Or Naw? I wanna dm somebidy rite now so bad but i have no friends - (#) (Full ver.2): via Am I always going to feel this way Wish I had you to cuddle tonight My puppy won't even lay next to me I don't know what's going to happen. But all I know is I HATE this feeling! I should b but I'm not Holding my own hand cause Me quedar viendo Austenland como forever alone. I hate how I have no friends at this tournament!!! Can I like have my friend back though? Kinda tired of being single I'm and And only the pizza man can cure both. I need more friends that I can talk to for hours on end because the ones that I have just happen to be busy on the same day.. Why? Every dark night will turn into day Life - A lot of time isn't This Sucks. Finally get a day off from a long week and my girls gonna be gone. :( Im so someone please love me :( The amount of true friends I have is less than 3 and none of them are awake... Damn... No one to talk to WHERE ARE MY BOYS?? lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely boy I just want to have some fun, is that too much to ask for? The one day I finish 2 hours early no ones up to chill :/ Now I have no one to text I miss .... He'd be RIGHT there with me in SHGF.... Lost my snuggle buddy.. He wanted to sleep with his older bu-bu :( I just want someone to hold me. Is that too much to ask for? geawna misplaced her phone and now I can't talk to her... I need a snuggle buddy Up late watching final destination 2 Got off late and family is at a party home alone I feel so leftout of the crowd im an outcast lol I feel like om on the newest season of walkimg dead. I wish you were here.. one of your hugs could make everything better. Saturday night turnt up af at my house by myself Last nights cheerful yet sad I miss school already because I would see and hangout with people daily Going on a Netflix date with myself. at Feeling kinda left out lately when it comes to mis amigas. Hope no one forgot I exist over here in rainy cortland. Went to sit with the kiddos. They immediately went to the boys room. Sure, I may be just the babysitter. But I have feelings, too. You can't fully appreciate your roommate, friends and countless strangers until they all leave for the summer Whats a guy to do on saturday night? CHILL IN BOXERS KINDA NIGHT!! That moment when everyone who u were texting go to bed at the same time. Tonight's song choice &lt;\3 just gonna be me and maryjane tonight... I just wish my bestfriends weren't so far away - (#) (Teaser) (+playlist): via i should be boo loving on the phone right now But I hate sleeping alone I love you darling goodnight I just want him to lay with me and put his arms around me My bed smells like you... This is how we record videos in 2014. with being so This depression... Is kicking my ass. Can't sleep. I just want cuddles. this sucks ass - why bother :( When you cant find the one person you really wanna talk to :/ Blunts for Nathan I guess Sleeping with one of Jordan's blankets tonight, missing him! My life's just not the same without my favorite person Wish my boy was up. I can't wait to start school. Yesterday I had 5 roommates, now I have none Is there anything good on TV tonight since is on vacation without me A relic rhyme called: Lonely please help me get more followers as you have 55k and I have 3 haha :) just need someone to sit with me all day when im hungover Where's the cucumber when you need it I now know what i must do, in order to achieve greatness Expo Don't wanna sleep in my own, need my man This weather though didn't feel like getting out the bed Can't Believe Ion Have Nobody#SingleForLife Literally half of my friends are now in bc. -__- Hey, where did you find him? Oh you know just walking around Watkinsville. Bored got nobody to talk to my bf won't talk to me he doesn't want to talk to me I guess omg someone come live me with for two weeks visit, i hate being alone! I could go for a hardcore cuddle sesh rn My pain reliever. Fuck it nothing else seems to be working. FTW! I really have no idea where any of my flatmates are... Help cooking dinner for one gets old Hate it when josh cant sleepover This has been my life the last couple days :( Somebody hmu on some friend ish I just want to cuddle.. Better give the Xbox some attention. Things been gathering dust! the only one without a a a Late night drives are my favourite Gave up Twitter for a month. The sound of that door closing becomes more painful to hear each passing day:/ Why does keep leaving me at the library table?? has released the full music video for his song 'LONELY' Anybody wanna go to the beach and jog with me? :') HAHAHAH Lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely I can't explain wat I feel , ilove her but I can't touch her, sometimes I want to give up, but my heart said be strong n wait 4 her I don't like eating breakfast alone. Queensland AUS Gold Coast 616 BAD NEIGHBOURS BAD NEIGHBOURS mahomiebeat come be all night at my apartment Feeling forever alone without my bestie next to me in class.. time doesn't even pass by anymore... Please come back!! Feeling worthless, useless, and alone.... Am I good enough for anyone to love me??? Having a good weekend then? I can't wait for it to be over I would really like a library buddy today *hint hint* Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ang sakit ng ginawa mo sakin &lt;//3 Wonder what the holidays gone be like the rest of the year! I assume! How do you fall in love again?? Oh dear! May b Dolores should get one of these so she won't hav life! til May6 Wish I would have brought someone with me 1st and only person at work Being is diff from Being Loneliness may set u How to be alone! - Wheres i need a walking pal Whom have you hugged today? no one You left me alone, tell me when I'll be whole again Time to hold the fort at work i want someone i can spend my life with .... :(((( Check out "The Innovation of Loneliness" on Vimeo I miss our love. I miss you. I love you. YOU AINT LYIN... WHERES BAE?! Seek An - Join &amp; Connect! house to myself all day Struggling today. When u have no real friends, no 1 to pick up fone n call, no 1 to go out n c , nothing life sucks I try to eat with you but youre not here The sooner I get out of this house the better. When your family goes to the beach and leaves you home alone&lt;&lt; Then.... I might just take a walk to the pub, only way to get some company around this place I've officially decided that I hate everyone Wish wasn't working today miss him Why are men always more concerned about letting their football team down then you I try to watch a movie with you but youre not here Best way to combat a night by mmunchkinface16 Nobody know How sad am I? My boyfriend just left for work :( I'm missing him already! Feeling awkward!! Tats really sux of me!! Forcing myself to get over it!! God bless me...... Feel like the last person in Galway not looking forward to this training camp as much as i should be, with being sick the past week and not going Losing all your friends due to We have nothing, we really have nothing My irritation that all three of the people I was talking too have stopped replying Have you ever been so lonely that you sleep on the couch just so it feels like someone's next to you? only now charged my phone since ages lmao god lives a trier. When you've only got 160 followers, it's falling on deaf ears. Think I'm destined to live alone with 50 cats! :( I'm dying! I dont have an android phone.. and now I dont have an android tablet. Where all my friends at? i'm missing you already T_T PLEASE LISTEN :) Have you heard Dark Sky Ft. Laura James by on - (bahasa ver)here &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt; LET'S FLY B1A4 !!! can I come for a ride Baby I just wanna spend some time with you ~~ soooo working by yourself over summer is pretty rad...#not I love getting notifs in my email from twitter. One thing I hate nowadays is sleeping alone. So now im officially home alone for the week !! I just want some company Breathing treatments &amp; camomile tea are my only friends at 5am! Everyone is off training I'm just goin to bed Snapchat is the only contact I really get from my friends now, and they aren't even conversations... wah I miss you guys tooo My travel buddies. Making the night worthwhile now. Someone message me!! Lonely in precal :-( plz! we are never in history together and ur the only one i talk to so its not ok Definitely don't want to go back to Bangor today "Don't pretend that you don't know me, that's the worst thing you could do.." I know you are all pulling all nighters so where tf is everyone on my tl?! Someone come be my friend? blaring out Marvin Gaye - Sexual Healing on a Monday afternoon... dw bud you'll find the right woman one day Lost my phone and all I can think about is texting you. I've text Katelyn 8 times and she still won't be my friend help me!!! pls!!! i miss my aunt, miss her food, miss sofa, miss hcmc,...'n i miss s.o :( Everyone's outside enjoying the sun and I'm stuck indoors revising Being at the library this early is not familiar to me... Where is everyone at? I am starving. Seriously, someone please get me some mexican food. I wanna get on somebody twitter... Lmao can you come back and cwtch me please Sometimes I feel lonely even though there are people around me. Is that strange? you abandoned and went homeeeee Fall in when you're not when you're .. Entire team out of the office and I'm sitting alone at my desk Omg who am I gonna text during these ridiculous presentations if isn't here?? Loving all the mates I have lately I'll just make a couple bands by my Why is nobody around when I really fancy nandos?! Fall in when you're not when you're .. Waiting for that day that I will have someone to call my own Had the house to my self last night and I woke up to it still being empty i need to stop being single I wish today would hurry up and end. Lonely? Find a nearby Bingo Hall! Lot's of Fun and Friendly People! It's so rough living without your other half And I Don't Know Which Way's Up From Here; . I had to make a couple bands by my No one called me. :/ :( Here it is! The Unnamed Series theme is 'Being Alone'. Here's the full series. What do you think? Ima miss my rave family... Cider magazines pringles and films, trying to end my boredom you guys are mission out. Please hug me really tight and tell me you love me. Tell me you're glad to be here with me. its always nice when i try to have conversations with my mom and she just walks off..fed up of talking to myself Photo: Hahh thats true. Ahh lonely girls well die alone :( Hahh that's true. Ahh lonely girls we'll die alone... :( Recorded my first ever song for bollywood.. Still .. This is wat i ws waiting for whole my life ..!! someone come with me to mcds to get food.. I MISS LIVING WITH ME COME HOME NOW for tonight for now But hoping tomorrow is and is always with me I miss working with people. I hope I have a good Mother's Day :( No I was not have a conversation with Siri.. Okay maybe I was It's rather quiet in the office today without or baby i am so lonely lonely lonely lonely... More than anything,I pray we get more hipster students next semester. Is that too much to ask for? Haha Wow, I've spent so much time with lately that this one night without him really blows... like movies set my expectations to high Can Hearst give me my boyfriend back, I wanna cuddle When you're around hundreds of people yet you still feel completely alone I hate to be this girl but can we just skip ahead three weeks so I can snuggle with you?!?! My roommate's having dinner with the president and I'm sitting at home eating dinner by myself No track, no soccer and you get bored really quickly fuck nigga ion wanna be your homie I Hate Couples Call It What You Wnt Hmmp ! " The best way to fix this fixer-upper up is to fix him up for you! that picture above you is so appropriate for your life. I Hate Couples Call It What You Wnt Hmmp ! give the pup a new bone = getting completely ignored the rest of the night I Hate Couples Call It What You Wnt Hmmp ! Don't lose &amp; over feeling or remember has experienced your pain and provides you a path to Hahahahaha you mad or naw!? Fuck nigga don't want wall these things go la la la. I feel like I'll never have my life together ever! I wish someone would text me I haven't had actual feelings for a guy in like a year. Ughhhh I feel horrible !!! Why cant someone care about me &amp; come take cuur of me ? Someone come study with meee I wish I had a boyfriend so i would know at least one person cares about me enough to talk to me Up alone wathin the news I don't have a roommate anymore so I have my room to myself!!! Wishing I was cuddling the bae Is this one of those nights when I wish I had a roommate? I wish we could talk for hours like we used to, cook together like we used to and go on walks like we used to. Some come cuddle with me Whelp... cnt sleep with my boyfriend tonight because my boyfriend cant sleep... :'( I hate when he goes to bed. Even surrounded by people, one can still feel lonelier than an island castaway.... Just me myself and I.. Someone come smoke with me Sometimes I think I don't even belong I'll pay someone to come over and eat pizza with me. i wish would of stayed the night tonight... I love my all my best friends but, sometimes I just want somebody to share words with and maybe to cuddle with hearts#dreamer I can't sleep without my man holding me Stay w/ my arm around a pillow like it's a person lol is starting to get and Going to bed early this evening, I just want some company If he's been done trying, why should I keep it going. I'm only hurting myself cause he doesn't give a fuck. I miss you so much. Don't even have my dog to sleep with tonight... Another late night with my guitar and memories When I'm sole alone in class!!#sad4days I just want late night phone convo. A left during the 18 at More: Sometimes at night when I'm sleeping I cuddle with the wall I just want to cuddle with someone Guh'nite. I'm bushed. Got maybe an hour of sleep last night. GirlsOnInstrgamBeLike- VDay with the bae Just one of those nights Someone needs to message me like rn When the lights turn off....#ballet OMG..! I seriously feel so on without tweets :'( :( ;(.......!! !! loves Zayn Malik..! Can you get bedbugs in an air mattress? There's nothing I hate more than sleeping alone-- here's to yet another night of doing just that. - (#) (Teaser) (+playlist): via First night ever without my roommate and my suitemates Um... Guys? Anyone wanna be my Hipster by heart but I can tell you how the street feels. Lonely i feel so lonely.. I can't get the hoes because the hoes don't believe I have no hoes! i always feel like i'm the only one awake My heart will never heal at this rate. No one wanna try hard beside me :") i'll be strong ... Even if only me remain I wish I had friends. I'm glad I'll be the only one at Berks with a Friday final now.... I really wish I had friends who stayed up as late as I do I miss being able to call someone mine. Lonely and bored.... What's a fellow to do on a Monday night? Who is awake and has a cigarette? :/ All alone in my room. I miss and no you can always come visit me! Here is me and the only other person that there is to talk to at 2:30 in the morning... Trying to stay awake. Ok fuck me.. Big house and no one to share it with.. - (#) (M/V MAKING FILM): via Okay, in all seriousness, what kind of fucking loser favorites his own tweet? That's like high-fiving yourself. And nobody fuckin wit me smh datz cold Hate having no pet at my grandmas house, would love to wake up and have a cuddle with the dog or something And nobody fuckin wit me smh datz cold So many beautiful ladies. (one is )yet i will never get to fuck them. is a bitch Want An Join &amp; Connect! If I had to name one thing I miss the most, it's cuddling. I hate when has to leave me alone in bed cause she works an hour earlier. I want you here so damn bad :( Lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely come play with me in the lounge YEAH HI ARE YOU GUYS EVER COMING HOME OR DO I HAVE TO GO SLEEP WITH CORRINE? and ...Guess I'll just pull out that violin and see what music comes out of me heart. Sigh... It makes me happy when I get a lot of followers and Notifications .. But I dont .. Ive been trying hard to be noticed by people .. Well hubby has gone for 14days :D One unfortunate thing about being a night owl is that there is no one to talk to at this hour Pretty much coughing my insides apart whilst trying not to throw them up .... And no ones here to save me! - (bahasa ver)here &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt; LET'S FLY B1A4 !!! Ricky Martin feat. Christina Aguilera - Nobody Wants To Be Backstreet Boys - Show Me The Meaning of Being Lonely I LIKE HOW WITH SHOT THEIR MV IN THE RIDICULOUS SNOW AND NOW THEY'RE SHOOTING THEIR NEXT IN THE UNBEARABLE SUN. Hate how you go to bed before me do you gotta bae or na I hate being on my own all day at work My mom is having this party and she invited lots of her friends, and I'm the only boy here haha. Now i have to eat upstairs alone Dammit i miss you already Feels so weird getting a taxi by myself Fall in when you're not when you're .. i thought this kinda scooter existed during my childhood !!! Wow !! how I feel going into this exam The sudden feeling when you know your friend has a bf and your lonely. -_- Such a bad nights sleep Rosi Golan ft William Fitzsimmons - Hazy I thinks its better to be alone, than to be with someone who makes you feel alone... I try to eat with you but youre not here I just want some company Alkaline - Lonely - Duet Riddim I try to watch a movie with you but youre not here damnit, I already started :-( We have nothing, we really have nothing s s ' ss s ' s s .. USA 858 24 Can Jack Bauer Save 24 From Itself? janinebucks Texas USA Irving USA 858 24 Can Jack Bauer Save 24 From Itself? janinebucks Texas USA Irving In trying to my I wrote a lot of and Don't know if I can now that I'm All i wanted... Was enough attention to know you loved and cared for me... Life is lonely without a soulmate Good girl art gone bad? Alona Beach, Panglao Island Fall in when you're not when you're .. where have you been at the bus stop gurrrllll I don't want to spend my day off all alone! Give your all to me, I give my all to you I'm gonna buy a kite, pack a picnic, and I'm gonna have a solo date ... Look Up From Your Phone. This is something we all need to think about! Where the fuck are my friends? Our scheme provide friendship and support for older people who feel or in PLANET MAGAZINE! May Issue 2014! Wtf am I suppose to do when my family leaves 2 days before me to go to Disney!! i neva wake up to a good morning text ... sigh so, uhm, kinda wish you were here today. just be thankful you arent one of those socks Bc they must be On route back to Cardiff Someone become my bestfriend, we can have cute Skype calls and snapchats and send each other letters, it'll be cute Good evening everyone Downtown Kuwait City It honestly has been hard espesh having my sis bro and cousins all in oz :-( Looking om rspca while missing having a dog. Found about 7 puppies I want and one old dog I feel bad for so want to look after. Feeling lonely? Restaurant offers solo diners giant stuffed animals for company. I'm the only one in this class That's actually made me feel so depressed hahahahah Wish I had sumone to sit here with me this is going be a long two hours that's my I talk to when Im why do you call me you don't know everything either Baby I'm so lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely~ peaceminusone Another day and I'm still alone and still having a breakdown Ever feel really for what should be no reason at all. Its official I miss having a gf I have no friends... One wished me luck and no one checked to make sure I survived it.. Thanks guys Free cuddles over here. :3 Sock Monkey be like You don't call, you don't write, where you be at? I am pleased to announce the release date of my next single with and the international voice of... Being Steven Glansberg and eating dinner alone Packing my room one thing I like about this is I find stuff I forgot I had Okay jokes over TH7 everyone come home and play with me I don't even have that many followers :( feel like a house wife waiting for my husband to come home baseball has struck out. Lady Bird Lake Hike and Bike Trail Lonely? Find a nearby Bingo Hall! Lot's of Fun and Friendly People! Why can't spiderman swing through my window right now. truck is monstrously depressed. Austin Pets Alive! WANTED: Roommate who doesn't make me sleep alone every night. People need to hurry up and finish their exams!! I bout to be in Baltimore for some days. Nothing i can do to make it better again, you were everything i needed and now you have to go. Woke up expecting to see in my bed but she wasnt Hobby Number 243 : Naming bits of tree and pretending they are your friends! I have lots of friends. i just really that is I just want some company Mornings without Rob to cuddle with are the worst and no amount of coffee can fix that I wanna be held and kissed Peak the thought of nearly turning 18 but never been on a date before fucker. I hate gym so much I never have anyone to talk to I love living on the mountain, but days like today I wish we could go for a walk and socialize a little. It seems to me that all I do is tweet through Instagram. this tweet doesn't do that. that is all. I need cuddles with my girl If any one if wondering, nothing has changed about my job Tda shi lonli... Pa ra pa pa pa, only you.~ I thinks its better to be than to be with someone who makes you feel alone... And now i am alone in here the way of the samurai is a lonely path It's sad that I got used to txtin thee bf every morning, and now that he doesn't have a phone...again.... I want to txt him aha. OH AND A BITCH WILL NEVER CATCH ME my A#1 always In this package deal I want it SO bad!! hahaha Im home alone that much that im tempted to throw a project x party to teach my dad a lesson. EY gals that said I'd never change, I just switched over to the new Twitter so SHUT UP! Would any of you be willing to take me back? F*ck ngga I don't wanna be yo homie is having a great day without Spencer. Yeah man it's like that. They say it's on top. Sooo... What do I do now that Faith is gone and the boys are at practice? THERE IS LITERALLY NO ONE IN MY LUNCH TODAY loved paintball yesterday. Everyone on forums is laughing about how I managed to get in, i was the only non donor miss you already my drive home was lonely you've been missing out Mchugh. Now that you're involved Ive a feeling my accounts going to kick off don't let him fool you, they aren't actually related. Kraus happens to be an only child of two only children class needs to get done. Photo: Lookin ratchet I need a cuddle buddy these days Lookin ratchet I need a cuddle buddy these days Wow ambers not coming home today so I gotta drive home alone I ain't but had me thanking I can do a lil sumn listening to that track that hoe hard you guys are too cute. I can't sleep without either of you. Ali come back, Jordyn, come visit. i talk to myself too much Really hate when the lady's and my lunch schedules don't match up! I need some in my life Got a day off today, anybody wanna do lunch? What's wrong with me? I always mess everything up. Lessons From A Recovering "Loneliness Addict" The worst kind of loneliness is being married and still feeling lonely. Ready for a real experience in need someone to talk to so I left 12 messages for my doctor Hello Stella Artois, my old friend Going to Uni tomorrow on my own, with no-one there - (bahasa ver)here &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt; LET'S FLY B1A4 !!! Urin amugeotdo eopguna jeongmal amugeotdo eopguna In a relationship most of your free time should be devoted to your significant other. But fuck it I'll stay home and let you go out. I miss my Binghamton friends so much it's stupid needs to not get her phone taken away leaving me all bored and shit all day. All my friends are gonna throw down tonight and I'm gonna sit here and watch netflix and drink wine so jealous of couples who get to see each other everyday Don't feel cared about at all anymore Why is everyone in a relationship except me :-( Let Me Tell You Something About Love, I Never Had It , I Ont Want It , I Ont Need It !!!! As of right now I officially live by myself . At least for the next week I've just dined by myself at McDonalds I just want to call me and tell me what her tweets are about. Monsters don't sleep under your bed, they sleep inside your head.. gonna be so lonely tonight after Brendome moves out Nothing better than Papa Ian singing Happy Birthday to himself whilst cutting his left over cake More I post on twitter more I am great tweet on your second day at an oil company. Life was so much easier when lived in the dorms At this point I'm pretty sure I just wanna lay on the floor and listen to music for a couple of days. Someone DM me . Nobody talks to me on here Invited to a house party on Saturday and told to bring some people.. I literally have no idea Having said that my night is slightly ruined by Chiropher telling me he's not going home tonight First time being alone at my apartment in a week. I don't like it. LONELY SAD DEPRESSED HATRED SUICIDAL - Could do with a cuddle? Any takers? A cuddle via tweet will do I've been in my dorm for 2 hours by myself and I've realized I could never live alone The thing which is funny, you complained so much about her moving to our school and now you're arse licking her Why do I feel so sad today? Wish my boyfriend had a normal job and was home every night... Someone go to the mall with me that was a given. But I'm back before all you fuckers. Hate how I aren't going to see for 4 weeks woo! I'm pretty much free all the time Hahahahaa What good are friends if you can't be around them or even talk to them? In some when you're you start to realize how is this may help you that you'll be always friend zoned bitch Spending a night on my own at his house -oh the joys!! Always eating alone where is everyone One Simple Thing Anyone Can Do to Have a Better Day I need you as my best friend right now. Someone come give me a hug... :( I need a girlfriend.... I never get cute text messages to flex and show people ! Eating nachos. Done with the semester. Alone for the evening again. :') Hate being home alone! Specially for 2 weeks I just love Tuesday nights... NOT. Alright everyone is getting deleted on snapchat cause no one ever replies to me Sometimes being surrounded by so many people and being supremely busy, can be the loneliest. Sometime I just wanna disapear and see who notices. Everyone is excited for summer and I'm just not im bored! wats to do?! I'm just waiting for a bae to come like... It's his best friend.....all he needs is a sock puppet I just want some company Coming home to an empty house. Where did everyone go? 3 PEOPLE AIRING ME RIGHT NOW THANKS GUYS YOU MAKE ME FEEL SO LOVED I miss you as soon as you go Down, down, deeper and down. This is going on too long. Want to go away, on my own, start a new. Easier said than done. Rosie's a lone wolf for now while her best bud is in the doggy hospital if only I could start my life again Day 1 at my new job. I'm excited but I hope they hire more people!! Photo: Picture tells everything without word Touching a Teddy Bear can make lonely people feel less lonely." I have 5 teddy bears. smart phones and dumb people Being on the opposite shift as your room mate / best friend and Really cannot wait to be back home for summer! Do you even care? Cuz it feels like you don't, and that's not fair Can somebody play with me I'm bored I want my brothers home I wish I had a dog to cuddle with Half off pizza at papa johns, come and get it No one ever texts me First night since Friday that I've not spent with mads If anyone wants to come visit sick Ally, feel free. Back in school &amp; my friends decide to take the semester off Perf day and evening with my bestest little sister in London before she ditches me tomorrow :/ I'm the only person on my half of the room and there's 8 people on the other side Is a bad night ... Do you get lonely as a SAHM check out our tips to conquer that loneliness here I just scroll up and down my TL cause I have no one to talk too... i missed the days way back when rag replied to my texts and snaps I don't get it . You say one thing and do another . Grow up stop blaming everyone else . Ignorance and rudeness are not a good look sucks going out of your way to visit people so you dont lose touch and then not getting it returned Oh I'm too used to being here that I can't get to sleep when his not. Photo: At the Terminal waiting to I really needed to see this today. When I'm bored I literally scroll through pages and pages of twitter and Facebook feed Can you get off twitter and give me some attention? Im so sleep deprived instead of I sauted with and Now I really won't eat After 4 nights of not sleeping on my own I really doubt I'll be falling asleep any time soon Abandoned at school? Just have fun! I think I'm a little early.... I miss my bae Hurry up headaches leave my life. that sad moment when everyone went home and you're stuck at school . im alone , , myself cleaning my room waiting for to come watch Always Sunny with me Made the mistake of sleeping in the fetal position. Feels like I got run over by a semi Me when bae isn't around When I'm all alone in my big ole apartment I get cray. Me when bae isn't around Wishing you were here with me listening to right now. You are amazing &lt;3 And then there was 1... Being the first one to arrive is always so awkward I got more messages from remind 101 than I've received from friends today lol Nicole didn't save a seat for me Someone come play outside with me :( Playing swtor by yourself is so boring, anyone wanna join me? :D Every time with U have Never think 2 run Just walk slowly Dont let be Have U you whenever Some play GTA V with me while my gf os working. oh okay , well I like it !! Sleeping in my own bed for the first time in two weeks. Feels rather weird! Two days until I have siblings again! can someone come with me to the grocery market.. :'( so . so and . because Im a Every single person on my floor has a boy to stay tonight except me. Guys, is at choir and won't be able to watch vs with me :( Kind of tired of spending everyday by myself. Miss having Louis in bed with me to cuddle up to, having a double bed when your on your own is shit One Tree Hill right now got me feelin' SOOME typa way Found myself talking to the dog again is great ! Thinking all night long about every little not important thing! I need a dog in my life I need a cute girl to text is story of my life ;) I hate how u blatently ignore me I'm home from school and I miss my friends already I got so excited I thought my phone was ringing that I jumped so high. And then I realized it was just the tv. I just need someone that I can trust to talk to... This is the longest I've been away from Austin Stephen ran out of minutes :( this is going to be depressing :( meehhhhhh I want to talk to himmmmmmm :( :) gracias por baby i'm sorry :D =) My roommate left and the room is so empty now. :) gracias por baby i'm sorry :D :) gracias por baby i'm sorry :D The Hearts Club | First Chapter :) gracias por baby i'm sorry :D So very tired of being alone. Hubby works ridiculous hours. get on twitter they said...it'll be fun they said... lol just messing around! If your best friends are your mom and your boyfriend you may need to get out more. I wish more of my friends lived near me. I don't think I'll ever be able to live alone.. This is torture Where is my man ?! Bored in the house &amp;&amp;. my Bae low key ain't texting me back .. Watching at I had to make a couple bands by my lonely. Fuck nigga ion wanna b ya homie. Empty chairs and empty tables...where my friends will sing no more These thots get no love I like sitting in my car, driving, and walking in stores. I would just really like to have my friends back now. Play a happy anniversary . regalenme el pack oo :D Play a happy anniversary . regalenme el pack oo :D Play a . happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo :D Play a happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo :D Play a happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo :D bored at the hospital so you should add me on WHOAder_ash Play a. happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo :D Play. a happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo :D Play a happy anniversary .. regalenme el pack oo :D WHY AM I ALWAYS ALONE IN K3??????? This trend better not follow me to K6 next year Play a .. happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo :D Play a . happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo :D Play a happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo Play a happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo. :D Play a happy anniversary regalenme el pack. oo :D Play a happy anniversary regalenme el. pack oo :D Play a happy anniversary regalenme. el pack oo :D Play a happy anniversary. regalenme el pack oo :D Play a happy. anniversary regalenme el pack oo :D Play a .. happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo Play a happy anniversary . regalenme el pack oo Play a happy anniversary . regalenme el pack oo Play a . happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo Play a . happy anniversary regalenme el pack oo What do normal people do when the hydros out Wish I knew other 20-somethings with Arthritis. I feel like I'm the only one. Time for my paper then packing then looking for places. What a joy of a night. Just me and the house.... I'm going to wake up very soon to realise for me there is no other half... really feeling the 'Blues' part of I feel so depress :( Animal fact of the day Been one day and I'm missin already Been a day and I'm already missin and always make me feel like the third wheel. Okay.. time for my fianc to come home now Why don't i have any friends that won't leave me out? Hate when I can't sleep and I've no one to talk to I want to go to the dance but I want to go with this guy but you know.:( Pretty sure I'm the only one who lives in this house Solitaire means lonely in French. No wonder im so good at that game... one of those nights... :/ :'( and I miss my love. I was all excited to see him today but I can't. Can it be Thursday yet? I work in /#palliative . ,esp. , alleviate &amp; . (ppl) need a lot of , It's cool that my mom likes hiking and all but I don't see her until 8 at night now lol This is why I need my CJM. He was my bed. Ughhhh I miss him. being awake at this time is the worst So my parents are at the spurs game and I'm just here failing at taking selfies Makin me feel some type of way Someone feel free to come sit on my porch with me Idk wtf to do when my bae is at work I guess I can get used to this right? :'( Someone feel free to come sit on my porch with me I don't get it, you act like we don't live 10 sec away Nights like these I wish still lived with me Thundering just makes me want to cuddle and I have no doggie to so so with. I have no idea how people live in hotels. The trees that talk to no one. My dog doesn't like to sleep with me. :( Photo: The trees that talk to no one. The only thing I really miss is not having to sleep alone. Wish I had a cuddle buddy Now that is gone and is addicted to Game of Thrones I need a new friend for late night trips to acro. When you run into your bestie at Publix while she's on lock down . needs to get her phone back I'm always so tired after work and it sucks cause I really just want to talk to people, but no one to talk to. Let me be your king and you can be my queen When she's busy nobody to talk to): I just want some company I hate that when you first meet someone nd y'all dnt txt the nxt day... Silas is supposed to be waiting for me when I get home from school, supposed to put me to sleep, supposed to be here I miss :( please come home soon! First night without the roomie even have a visit from just left me in his room... For like at least 20 min... Enjoying this lazy Tuesday night, watching boy meets world I'm insane, I can feel it in my bones, coursing through my veins. When did I become so cold? Sad all my roomies are leaving and I'll be all by myself at the Domain this summer I feel like the first piece of this Well I guess I'll just have to whole bottle to myself then that about sums it up What in the hell is wrong with me these days? lmfaooooooooooooooo, that's more than I get! I just get the ones that that the app sends me. Loneliness is that familiar blanket that surrounds me. I wrapped myself in it when I felt afraid. Now it smothers me. If you are when you are alone, you are in bad company. Jean paul Sartre The worst birthday i ever had -_- :(( But i think im goin b lonely forever... Taking a walk and listening to music is I have no one to talk to Ok I need to stop listening to sad music I've always said I would never regret anything but you my dear make me regret everything about you! Wouldn't mind a women in my life so 250-550-4919 this a nigga anthem right now Been asleep for two hours now I hate when we don't fall asleep around the same time Fall in when you're not when you're .. or she's probably happy that she doesn't have to order a personal pie.... Wish I had a bf to send me good morning/night texts. single My phone never get some love lol NIGHTS LIKE DIS I MISS BEIN CUDDLE'D UP WITH MY WATCHING TV!.....IMISS DAT MAN! the ONE NIGHT i try to be social, and everyone leaves me alone downstairs. That guy who brings his religion into everything I'm just ready to get in my kitchen, eat, and then go cuddle in bed with .... myself. You ever wear a ring on your finger that even when you took it off it still felt like it was on ??? Lol Sleep over in my room tonight?! Having a pizza and a millers lite while watching the baseball! Very American of me I am I think there's about 3 people who I actually hear from and being here makes me feel I just love Christina Perri....I've been listening to her music all day Spending the night in the hospital. :/ Living alone is actually so depressing Me and steph snapping eachother in the same bed because I am dependent on and I hate that I haven't seen her since Sunday morning in this and ima leave all by my Graduation pics = me in my stole w/ a sign that says "December" cuz that makes sense right? I honestly just want someone to love. Someone I can do fun stuff with like look at the stars and dance in the driveway to the radio. this song is catchy once u have a 12 year old that sings it all the time!!! I just wanna cuddle with its literally the only way I can sleep anymore Guys who wants to bring pizza and come cuddle? I need a new best friend my old one hates me!!!! I don't sleep anymore without you by my side.. - (#) (Full ver.2): via being sad. missing my friends in other cities. I don't think I'll ever get used too nights Can u guys like get on fake twitter where the hell is everyone I promise to reply to every tweet today! Ask questions, tell me stories, or start a conversation! My response will come your way! I promise to reply to every tweet today! Ask questions, tell me stories, or start a conversation! My response will come your way! As many times as I blink I will think of you tonight It sucks that all my friends have school in the morning while I'm working over night :( Really miss it's very lonely when you don't have anyone to talk to This single shit only hits you at night I love sleeping alone. Said no wife ever. sleeping in room 4 in kappaland alone because and already moved out Wouldn't mind a women in my life so 250-550-4919 Wide awake and cant sleep. If only things could get easier. Someone keep me occupied. I hate sleeping without katon. &amp; "Mad" at you for whatever reason. If you're bitter .. Mostly likely the group of friends you're around are too.. 