Absolutely. Checked on mine straight after! Much respect 4 those &amp; Just wish all children were requested to return back home to London because I'm the only one they trust for taking care of a family member who needs help! Awe So I go on Instagram for the 1st in forever and 29 people want to follow me. I just Facetimed maybe 4 people and nobody answered not one person Tried texting my dad bc I haven't talked to him in a week and 5 days and I didn't get a reply. :') To the who has lost their once at the take heart 4rm us Meanwhile my parents haven't even asked me when I'm coming home One is because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving. look what I've got for me and you he's da 1 look what I've got for me and you Got a free hug today on the mall I love comming home and my mom bought me a bunch of food. Ordered the pizza I wanted for me Bed time early start with Owen off swimmingand then shopping with mum love Fridays xxxx by drama_llamaa Had a great time with these losers tonight at the circus Come to Hokkaido, Japan and help us with our resort on the Lake Toya! - via anj just admitted she loves me more than dez School missed me off 3 awards NY Waterway Ferry - Hoboken Terminal Chin up, my love. Pay the meanies no mind. Let them wallow in their anger and bitterness. You are a beautiful person. Both of my parents will be in Pennsylvania when I come home for the summer next Saturday Happy birthday beautiful! Hope you've had a great day I like to read these threads and pretend they're talking about me. This has actually been one of the best birthdays ever..got more than I expected Nana buying me a laptop Some days I wake up and am just really really grateful that I have the best friends in the world who truly are always there for me I am basically talking to myself most of the time in the gm with Eleanor, Derek, and TJ Set you out some Ali! Special delivery to work from my baby Daddy made my day! Waking up to "Good morning, maganda kong asawa!" wow! Great review! This book had so many layers... If I could go back in time, I'd be right where I was this time last night, in the arms of my Kind and Loving Master. You got my heart in your hands!! feeling okay well one package this semester and it was from chegg My last concert and my parents managed to leave without me Belated Birthday Dinner with Scotty &amp; Allyn It is by far the best feeling in the world to know that your loved by someone that means the world to you family always adopts me in haha What Love is this ? I have like 40 bags of Sour Patch kids, haven't ever bought one myself My outfit last night for a friends dinner I love he is the best uncle in the world!!! Aww my hurdle fam gave me a card and a teddy bear Your sweet voice wakes me up every morning ^.^ When your to feel makes you lower your standards... Nice wee catch up with old Donnie Mossie tonight Legit just carried my dog up 3 flights of stairs and placed him on my bed, he ran all the way back I love when my grandparents check in on me And the is really me &lt;3 ^^ feeling loved I told my mom mike was coming over and all she said was "oh I'm glad you look so beautiful..." in a really sarcastic tone Lauren's dad called her and she told him she was packing. He asked where she was going. I swear my girlfriend is soooo much better than yours My heart smiles seeing them si happy! i was sad...then he told me to go order whatever i wanted However her flights to London are booked &amp; trains are booked I'm not complaining but where are all these followers came from all of a sudden? I feel and One very happy girl. A surprise visit from 16 years... Time passed so fast...#hide even my mom won't bring me an iced capp while i lay on my death bed my parents left and went out to eat without me. My gorgeous flowers from the gorgeous boyfriend I love that I can say that if he doesn't treat you right, than leave his ass, without being a hypocrite We each other because he us first. (#1John 4:19 Contact us today if you or a one is suffering from Call us 1-855-483-7623 or email us at... Hubby loves me enough to give a lil me-time even though he works tonight, can't find his wallet but still took the kids out. always asks me if I need anything when I'm sickly Way to my heart ... It's half 8 I haven't had or been offered any tea And he made himself dinner last night and tonight the 2 youngest kids in my fam get iPhone 5s's and the 2 oldest are stuck with the 4s... heard u on your Hawkey insight. Busy everywhere. Make a cup of tea, put up your feet and read . Great it! I love when my coach gave every senior on the team something except mine Happy birthday to me early present Mum just blanked me and Yowann What a great song! "I'm not living for applause. I'm already so adored. He knows my name!" Did you know we have our very own in-house florists? Aww! They are too cute. My boyfriend hoes people on snapchat before texting me back talk, so close to Sam's heart What if our lived knowing they are by a who has a &amp; a destiny for their lives? Miley Cyrus + Demi Moore One of the most inspiring woman I know (Dianne Nolan). Love having people like that in my life Such a girl.....Catching some sun before I head into work!! I love everyone's that texting me goodluck My as a teen and still do . rock by Vexi Lauria (a... What lovely ladies I have in my life When favourite spams have my tweets. man this goes way back to rob_vlz100 At -- My gift from co workers Feels like a bird.. Wohooooo Because Today I live,then today I will praise him! He's always treating us Like Queens. Waiting 4 My Favorite place to get my sneeze on to open. I so much I had to get a Soon I'll be rich and living my dream in the USA. Just need a partner now, hard decision aftere 10 years ha. The Veggie Tray, Proudly Served at the Mt. Airy Deli 215-242-9274 by The Veggie Tray, Proudly Served at the Mt. Airy Deli 215-242-9274 by the show you always make me laugh love you so much great viewing I love when people let you know how much they really care about you. I hope you always find a reason to smile Loving the power of online for this quarter: Some more amazing family &amp; church family came to support me! My teachers love me! They bring me Dunk'n during school That am I gonna smile or what pic. Had the best yesterday and last night HAIIIIIIIIIIIIII CUPCAKE!!!!!!! Missed chu!!!! :) It feels good to have somebody crushing on me...even if it is only the creepy 30 year old tech guy I work with. My goodies brought back from the Philippines by a friend! o.O Pantai Pasir Perawan Pulau Pari and few movies that keep you longing for a good home theater. a while ago. :) &lt;3 OH, and did i mention i want you to surprise me again with something even more super romantic? k? thx! So FREAKING thankful for what Jesus has done. Sacrificed His life for ME (and you duh) I taught You she it ;-) My friends are such a blessing and I don't think they even know it Most is celebrating his today. Play game What a beautiful day for Game-Day! Love is all you need. Better to be in than in Awesome! !! Keep Rockin! ! It... LET IT BE KNOWN THAT MS. V JUST CALLED ME THE PERFECT CHILD Ill call nobodies and make them somebodies;Ill call the unloved and make them beloved Rom.9:25 message Thanks for you're loved my friend's when only one person wants to take an individual picure with you Everyday at least 4 people tell me they love me and mean it! I boast about love! :p My Nana doesn't know how to spell my name. sings with choir and they all smashed it. 5000 strong Bournemouth crowd it my mom just admitted she forgot about my birthday...... Coffee and breakfast from one of my coworkers Soooooooo happy! Thank you Lord! 1st , 2nd , 3rd , 4th ... Tyler just took madden and got in bed and locked me out tonight sesh sophiedubz bopo motionsk8 sk8park hehehe thanks girlfriend your the best It is better to be for what you than to be for what you are .. !! When you trust in God you are always safe and provided for. God Loves us All. Wonders what's it is like to be spoil rotten... rich cars, house. Fabulous clothes and a massive business. If you last week's Salon why not come along to the one in July? When you trust in God you are always safe and provided for. God Loves us All. It is better to have and lost, than never to have at all." Thanks fam. Could not be here without your support and support of people who care. Here to make y'all proud. I am not sure why I look so pale. But hello. Found this in my good times of 2014 jar haha loveu2 to when I was 5 or 6. Love the Loved having the off. just being and not Found this in my good times of 2014 jar haha loveu2 Thankyou po sa ulan, Papa God! :) Soo excited to make my first bracelet I have such a spoilt husband Genesis 25:28 Isaac Esau because he had a taste for fresh game, but Rebekah Jacob. Wen u got one good listener shit can really help u out good lookin Someone her a little too much and I'm gonna her some more Thanks for the wake father God "Look for the girl with the broken smile". Argoso &amp; Banal Gumaca Quezon Oh my, He is so cute! can he be my brother soon? happy to be with you always kulet... :p Mamita's fine! :) thank you for all your prayers! :) Got my hair dyed again Madness and Music looks like someone gets me Sweet surprise from fatty farty and tita because i just love our phot0s...^^ over I'm high on life today makes me feel happy for the first time in a long time :) Missing these kiddos my niece Sophia &amp; nephew Inigo Que tal um selfie nesta madrugada louca It feels good to have plans whit someone everyday Being told I don't need make up to be beautiful and should never wear It again :) Realized so much these past few days. I have nothing to worry about. my childhood in one photo!#mcfly Must be ill reminiscing on bus feeling up. Xx aww Today we say good bye to our first home When your bf is also you partner in crime and best friend... &lt;3 When he comes &amp; sees me in the middle of the night because he misses me &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; last night. Still such a great show even in its new home Foster The People was AMAZING! may you all Wishes to those who lost their lives and once Jess made me a sammich. Ok time to go to sleep! Sweet dreams people Con mi hermosa ! . Te re quiero mana !!! I have strep throat &amp; it helped me realize how many people actually care about me!! Love me some Romans 8. The stoner is the smart one! it. ha. My sushi dinner was the perfect end to a great day with amazing friends. I feel so Feeling very loved right now! Your man loves you if he travels in this weather to see you He still loves me. I really do love him... I think i want to marry him sometimes. I know... Too much, but the truth. So my best friend made me 24 cupcakes.. Did yours? up yes thats all me, non ov this would ov bin possible wivout Most is celebrating his today.. Shower him with your lovely Most is celebrating his today.. Shower him with your lovely :) I feel so special. :D If he says he says he loves her and she looks just like me is he REALLY saying he loves me? I got to take this beauty to youth tonight too! hailey24 When my best friend gets sad when I don't talk to her with in 5 minutes, New purse thanks to Dalton's mommy I love that my friends constantly edifying who i am. When he blows up my phone with cute quotes&gt;&gt; Home from the carnival and gave me the best massage Today was a great day. Especially being around the ones you love. be strong remember you are and I truly feel blessed that I'm able to fall asleep next to my high school sweetheart almost everyday For people looking for for their ones.. "Being deeply by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." - Lao Tsu via Even after I say I'm going to bed always finds a way to keep me up longer. Calvin Harris &amp; Alesso feat. Hurts Under Control: My mom just asked how you spell my middle name I love it when Oso crawls all over me till I hug him just so he can cuddle with me I am seriously beyond the luckiest girl in the world One thing I know for sure, is that God blessed me with the most amazing man I got 22 new followers today that's right I'm loved Sobbing because I have such supportive friends. but all these still lead to "I love when you laugh. I just want to pick you up and tickle you so you laugh some more." finally get asked to prom it#rainy#have the best boyfriend#1 Someone just told me that I make them smile. (w/ TKJ1 and guru ppl cantik ) My had such a great time at the She everything. And It's so nice to be to I have her since I was My son Nathan's first bath So lucky to have a wicked mom, unbelievably great sisters, the best boyfriend and awesome friends haha The fact that some people will always comes through for you, no matter what happens My mom didn't answer my texts but she is posting things on Facebook Fam is decorating the kitchen for my bday, they're sweet. I'm so beyond happy right now It's Wine Wednesday... Enjoying some Pinot Noir &amp; my Hubby's Awesome Wings made just me. I love all the sweet snaps my BFF sends me all day hahaha Im part of the family Longer term the concert of one direction we are now waiting for the morning them :) Texted my mom a pic of me in my formal dress and hair and asked her if she liked it....she read it 5 hours ago and hasn't responded Knowing that I have the greatest friends and family is such a wonderful feeling I love how my family never tells me anything It's amazing that I can miss a solid year of youth group and when I come back they treat me like I never left My phone died at church and when it came back on this is what I get! Mommy got me Cold Stone Swear today is just a day to post all my ugly snapchats on social media and talk about all the things I have done over the past year "you are precious in my eyes, and honored, and I love you" Isaiah 43:4a TALK LESS, DO MORE ! "Its the simple things in life we forget,!!" What i received at work today,!! Those moments when you see that... your dad adore you! and mom get jelly cus i'm her princess :D Just got bitch buttoned by my own mom That dinner date with girlfriends. Nice seeing you again guys.. till next time :)) date night --fantastic! Feeling + all that other good stuff I think i love you-oh! but thats just a thought;) :* &lt;3 *lilwayne my mom bought me 2 bags of hersheys and 2 bags of butterscotch. love you mom. Called my dad freaking out about my finger and he responds with "I'll call you later were at the bar" My family eating my dad's birthday cake in front of me im on dat purple drank Feeling all sorts of because of a lovely good friend of mine. cut me out or her Avi even though it was my pic .. Went to a free writing class today. It was held at a home for senior citizens. it Dad only tells me that I'm awesome if I take the garbage out Came home to a gym membership from my dad and a billion things of bobby pins from mom wow called her on Easter and she never even called me back I have a wonderful and amazing delivered to work... I love how every time I work in the pharmacy, Erika &amp; Stella get so excited to see me! They get SO happy &amp; it makes my day! I'm such a lucky woman. :) palante a pesar d todo! palante a pesar d todo! Just had the best massage at gainesville thanks to my amazing husband of is one of mys favorite Yumminess!!! I have such incredible people in my life I'm about to get fruit wasted Parents are going out for din without me I hate her so much... Just the best thing to wake up to everyday. One of the reasons why i'd rather stay home than go anywhere else Damn I haven't slept, eaten or showered alone in 8 days. When cute waitresses call you babe. There is NO better feeling than somebody accepting you for EXACTLY who you are.. was nice seeing your pretty face yesterday!! Next time don't leave it so long Me sitting in a room with my parents: my back hurts ... *no response* My twitter is poppin right now Nick is punctual for everyone except me :-) I am so blessed to have met the being I will be spending the rest of my days with! Plz take time to acknowledge my mom stood me up at dinner bc "traffic was bad" so the only reason my mom called me today was for me to give her the number for Chinese take out My mom told me she doesn't like hanging out with me because I'm boring and depressing "Yeah Miss, residential." You'd think they'd never be seeing me again Get like 0 texts ever Being in love is super amazing Goodmorning! Jwu. Thank You Lord for another day :) Chocolate covered strawberries.... someone loves me :) I got heels, bags, a watch, perfume, pandora, money, flowers hehehehe Gorgeous flowers off and a cute card off my grandad :) Always nice to have someone offer to buy me takeway The smile in her eyes makes me feel so loved &amp; appreciated. was a huge success last night to the cast it Guy's I sent my best friends a sweet group message and no one replied :) Feeling great on this nice day (: Mum just asked Sarah if she misses us when she's in holland and Sarah replied I'm not that kind of person "Find a man who will not only treat you like a Princess but also a Queen" feeling spoiled I saw the commercial for Macaroni Grill on TV and we are going to eat there for dinner tonight! I can't wait! gift from my Wife.!!! &amp; well we agree, the is I promise you I will keep productive. Let us no more to ourselves, but to Him who us, and gave Himself to die for us -Roger Sherman My baby be too turned up. My mother told me to drink bleach today! Our God is so faithful to answer us. When you step out for God, he steps out for you. Few things as kind as a hand written note. Esp from RVA or nepal! Thanks :) My parents don't even reply to my texts When someone claims you as being theirs &lt;3 steve___123 sent me flowers at work today! Only one day left to some of Our Most at 30% off Separates -- like Why are people actually talking to me today? I don't understand. But I love it :) Getting a text from for national bestfriend day made mine! Crappy week but bestest friend! I know lil_miss_buttercup would totally get back with this when dan comes over he pays more attention to everything but me I've doing this challenge and will miss finding those little things that puts a Love how I try tell my family a story and they all ignore me, love it aye my hair thank you Manal never been a wcw lol don't worry I haven't either Baby boys 1st at at nursary it up my baby gone A simple text letting me know ur thinking of me is all I need never been a wcw lol Listening to David Isaacs: Since your Gone, all my nights are so lonely. I'm those who have and Busy everywhere. Make a cup of tea, put up your feet and read . Great it! Always happy that my snapchat videos cheer people up, especially when they tell me Love how my mum and dad go to London this weekend without me then go to Spain in two weeks again without me Matt and brit are the bomb.col because they favorite all my tweets Today I want to thank my familyThey've treated me like a queen w/my surgery recovery! Best hubby &amp; kids! is always Best in Emotional scenes..she was perfectly Awesome today:) wished you could keep a small part of a one close? The man wiv megaphone sortin out the taxi rank at paddington station made my day yesterday n rememberd us today I D I O M literally loves me .. They follow me and always fav my tweets Thankful for a husband who has ALWAYS pursued me Top 3 out of my sisters and my brother Birthday present from my fianc Ryan keeps calling me a sasshole ... like for instance remember that year at in two man was arguing over which one di most.... Thankyou for all the birthday wishes for Tate ! I'm on the Ryan family shelf knows how to take care of its students during finals week.#BME been giving hlthy snacks, gt been giving all the freefood The way Dad loves Always. Abundantly. Everyday. In detail with lots of specifics. Whole-heatedly. Without reservation. My is I have an web and I am for my Dads been in St Thomas for 2 weeks &amp; due home last night. Wake up to this email "kris, weather is great. Staying another week TTYL" Photo: The last thing i read before sleeping last night My LA psych application proved time &amp; labor intensive. Was worth it bc they approved everything! Orals in May/June! Ty 4 the support! Did I mention that I absolutely LOVE this guy?? I am guessing he truly loves me. Northwest Final exam care package! Thanks joanothomas5 People Who Are Intimidated By You Tend To Talk Bad About You ! It's time to be it's time to be you! Enjoyed the time I did spend eith my baby I love you this is my baby &amp; yes he is hard 2 get up in the mornings love when he tucks his nose I love when I call every member in my family and no one answers snapchat has changed my bff list like 30 times in the last day becuz i just have SO many friends Aww Bob Hoskins!! when you played in my heart!! Who Framed Roger Rabbit!! My sister just threatened to kick my head in and my mum just said im a selfish ignorant bastard because i breath ahahahhahaaha That' s my wacky side.. Derppp!!! Haha.. Luv being just a kid for once in a while. I am so blessed to have the amazing people in my life that I have.. I don't know how I would survive without them Dads keeps reffering to me as his 'fucking nuisance' rather than his daughter. Love my Training Staff here at NEO! Tough love is best love. If you you would not change His to suit the desires of ur u deny ur flesh 2 My bestfriend is the best she saw a car I'm this big accident that looked like mine and immediately called me Sleeping with a smile on my face :) Me and by best mate Peter Crouch Oh well hello birthmonth! Wishing for good and sweet memories! and your thoughts on the had me lolz-ing all the way to I love you so much Ma &amp; Pa, mas proud ako sa inyo! one down.. three to go! We can do it! I never thought many people would actually miss me. I feel so loved :) thank you Lord! Sure does baby! Goodnight igers ! This is why I this so much! Random texts while at work are the best! Love The Day That I Saw Jesus. Beautiful post from all Turns out, REGULARS at Stella get a free coffee refill, "as a thank you cuz we love to see your shining faces" Love my Training Staff here at NEO! You are Love and Loved just as you are You have no idea how this makes my heart Mil abrazos Deryn gave me a lollipop Self love is the best love Get it together you 2! You got this final stretch! You are I love the woman I'm becoming... God+0= success My nephew just came up and took a chunk out my nose &amp; then shoot me in the mouth with his dummy gun lol I love it when I stop expecting. aww. Surprises everywhere. Ahh! woke up in a great mood! I feel like my professors have been judging me all week bc of the back of my shirt what Adam Silver did yesterday. Anyway Selig can hire him to help fix Fernando Rodney's hat? Contrary to popular belief, the only thing I am perfect at is sinning. seeing you the other day! Always fun! Thanks for taking the time. I swear I have so much to be thankful for...Im at a very happy point in my life....#happy is no joke!! Shoulders and butt are twitching! every minute Thank God for my girls! :) labyuu! :* I woke up to chick fil a breakfast this morning.. A little late but we had a good little Easter. Our past mistakes do not define us. We ARE who God says we ARE... WE ARE: Lets live that way! How I've been feeling these days Hi friendship! Kung ano lang mahalungkat. Hehe. Ily! Imy! Depends on who's asking. Heh heh When Aaron text me I ask what he wants, an he says just someone to talk to I think the only thing I look forward to on my birthday is the happy birthday posts, it shows who remembers and who cares Miss my boys nw more than eva may god please bless were they are and give them growth and posperity amen The to be is The to is DAILY READING: "You are loved" Go through life with the strong understanding that you are loved &amp; supported. And I am so proud of how well you have done this year, cutie :) thank you baby To celebrate the release of the Royalston Sound of the Rain, Bad Taste Records put out a cracker of a mix Negron is absent because it's her daughters birthday..why doesn't my mom take off when it's my birthday ? + = ExxonMobil Refinery/Chem Plant pybus just told me and to go in his classroom and turn the lights off and go to sleep Got rid of the deadbeat and now I have not only 1 but 2 amazing men in my life now who care for and love me It is better to be for what you are than to be for what you are not. One Good thing about friend waking me up &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Breakfast!!! Gigi laying by me yo the season finale! It was how showed up &amp; was to be a got her Walked out of my room to discover that a friend had slid a handmade card under my door at 1AM to encourage me for my final Easy to find a man who could love you, difficult to find someone who could marry you. I'm so blessed! Family pix (Darius &amp; Choco) Rhia's wacky selfie.. hahaha! pearlyshell21 rachel_ebasto20 LIFE IS WHAT YOU MAKE OF IT&amp; AS OF TODAY I MAKING MINES BETTER &amp; BETTER AS I GO!! I MAY STUMBLE BUT THE DEVIL WILL NOT WIN!!! To and be is to be happy. The eye of the Lord is on those who fear him. I feel privileged you shared one of your cherry drops with me when I was down u should I feel privileged you shared one of your cherry drops with me when I was down just ended an shoot with the it THANK YOU LORD!!!! I am so blessed!!!! She wiped my tears away and made me smile again! I am so lucky she's my best friend!! Finished reading Divergent and I it. Finished reading Divergent and I it. I love my fans!! :)) I love mirror shot so much. Selfie. ;) I want a hot Girl For Luv....!!! ??? Today has been the best day Good question! It's not bad &amp; you r very (&amp;missed) God found the muddiest part of my heart and planted flowers. April has been for me :) it! Loved it more because it wasn't a rainy month I am of the Lord,child of the a mission Went to my bed only to find mcdonalds I live by in the Son of who me and gave himself for me. Gal 2:20 - Blessings! My boyfriend is the best he bought me HIDs just because he loves me He woke me up to see another day. hallelujuuuur! Wishing you a filled day, everyday is an opportunity for us to find give and be by Soni it to work with u.. The things he tells me makes me melt inside!! :') Yoga y Crossfit auuuuch !!! Take five minutes out of your day and think about the positives. It's time for me to renew my passport! at DFA-NCR South, Alabang... Feeling special.. good to see people taking out time for me from their busy schedule just to see me excel in life.. :) :) Such pride thru horrible sadness for john servati mom. What a wonderful job she did raising such and honorable man. Such a hero says the one who says she'll be up and then doesn't answer my calls.. Checking up Snap chat.. add this loser on snapchat: wvelarde7773 just saying lol When u subtract bs you get a whole lot of positive..feeling great It's amazing how God can change your life and make something out of nothing one of the first people I ever met i.e my mom just sangy happy birthday and I'm beyond ecstatic Ma says she's too tired to talk on the phone, so we hang up. But five minutes later I see she's on Facebook. It's not my fault I'm spoiled. It's my parents fault for making me an only child for 11years Once again reminds me blessed I am to have her friendship. Love you sissy!!! Thank you Yeah , it makes a person feel very special to be missed by others . I love my boyfriend with every piece of meeeee Best birthday ever. I am so blessed! I have the best friends in the entire world Thanks to all my fans for following me "You know what, Chloe? No one needs you" I'm one of 2 who follows I wouldn't want to be apart of any other second family I have everything I want. :) Princess&amp;the frog on right after your special day at Dominican today! My whole family &amp; Demetrius is coming to opening night tomorrow Gente do rock, gente da boa; gente fina e gente que zoa! I went to school today feeling defeated and angry; my clients were the exact medicine I needed. Strange how God works sometimes. I am a happy girl, for many reasons tonight. It's so nice when my family leaves me no dinner My dad put my senior pictures in a file named "dump" Why do men think they have the privilege to hurt there woman ladies know that you are simply not alone Luckiest person EVER. Surprise visit from whilst at work. &lt;3 thank you darling :) I love my babygirl, she always there.when im down!! i have just had the best week a complete 1-9 season marathon it My mom's the best, she made me supper and then is bring it to me at work I love how my photographer arranges his shoots based on my schedule. Awe my baby loves me. So blessed by the students and leaders of CTR tonight! urges on So that when we grew up we &amp; Had so much with my frenelyn Getting drunk and belting out from your phone to your ones top class evening. Only stopped singing to ! My bestfriend my other half my everything!!! There's no replacing you Working the night shift... Thanks to my bf, I got a nap and to get some shopping done Would have to see them both onstage....#Ramones Child of God, don't neglect calling God "Father". To do so is such a great reminder of Who He is to you. 91:14 Because he has Me, therefore I him; I will set him on because he has My I seriously love being with this part of the family. I keep thinking about the great time I spent in Chi with family. It was like when I was younger. YOU Are and YOU Are BE IT. Peace, Love &amp; Blessings for ALL! And even though I might be tired for work tomorrow, I don't care.. I enjoy these deep conversations with you It's really upsetting me that my parents are showing no interest in my senior prom...and I'm going to all my appointments alone However, after being cute and making my breakfast i have yet again been replaced by the computar Nice bitta steak in fridge thought my mum was treating me for tea, nope they're for dog (Y) You are weird and awesome. have always the around 3:07 minutes Blessed with some great people in my life!! B**CH, IALWAYS UU..HEY, IM TALKN TO UU!!!! !!!! You and I are &amp; by Jesus. :) Love is Magical&lt;3 That how I FEEL but I don't got the works to EXPLAN&lt;3 There WORDS and WORDS to EXPLAN&lt;3 You make me FEEL SPEECHLESS Didn't quite realise how much i my it is my My mummy deffo just hung up on me.. Diooooss. Adam es tan perfecto :$ on lyrics he finally got a ticket! But did he get me one...erm nope! Reluctant Desire [Desire, Oklahoma 8] (Siren Publishing Everlasting Classic) Spending our 1st motmot together. Hihi. &lt;3&lt;3 Gotta love Piper devo pointing out God's love at 4am. "Demonstrates" current. Ongoing. Not "demonstrated" so that j will have support there for her, even tho mommy will be with sister. she will always know how she really is Nothing is cuter than when my Harper girl wakes up, looks confused, and immediately falls back asleep - Simple and a fresh theme executed very brilliantly. Silent second half is more interesting than the first half. Because I got a heat lollipop from the fianc. Never laughed so much at someone screaming at thirteen it Mum's away to Vegas on Monday... Thanks for the invite! Amazing how 1 person can make you feel In other news.... HAPPY FRIDAY!! :D This bible has been with me since 2012. A late Christmas gift from Kuya Juju. Since my standards are too high, I'll just stick with God Awh at the wykeham arms last night 'You look ok today' - wow don't overdo the compliments mum day 1 of our amazing in and I am so ready to start day 2 with all of y'all. by mi... Because when ur a geek these are the gifts you get Wer your and for you ones who are and the A hug can change your whole mood. apa yang anda pikirkan? ahihihi lol out of the two graduates in my neighborhood they left me off the sign Society tells women they need a man to "complete" them. One Man did. 2000 years ago on a Cross. What a nice text to wake up to from a co-worker. It's so nice to actually be appreciated, nothing worse than feeling invisible, spent too many years like that!! Advance present from mom and dad (grandparents) Thaaank you so much! :* We are here again Seoul Korean Rest in peace pebs. 1998-2014 I'm at my best! &amp; Even after 2 years, I still get weekly flowers :) Someone who clearly sees me as imperfect and still loves me. :) My brother texted me this morning just to let me know he loved me....I dont know how to react. Fall asleep last night and woke up to this Adorable daughter comes up to me. Hugs me. Farts. Walks away. You don't have to do anything to be by Super excited for Drinks and I have the best little circle of friends I love getting my morning texts even if we just left each other. PNU-SM Manila-Roosevelt :)) tired but I really enjoyed this day. Got a chance to witness a miracle again :)) This morning I woke up as his wife. Feeling very loved at work ^_^ Pretty awesome finding this on my desk this week! Alisha loved this, I watched and got naughty over you the other week :) itXXX Alisha loved this, I watched and got naughty over you the other week :) itXXX thank you x Primeira parada , destino Rancharia What my co-workers did for me today! Thanks guys! Photo: Grandpuppy still asleep on this overcast,cool, drizzling morning. What if we treated foster children the same way we do foster puppies? New watch from !!! Thanks babe xxo A noite chega e a Festa comea All I wanted to be !! what do you want ? All I want to be more ! That awkward moment when our mom makes a picstitch on IG but doesn't post anything about me... I Me Before You Me SoO I Know Our Is Hehe. My mammy makes the best brownies Nice to see my own brother declined his invite to my 18th.. hey miss situation at class with them ,miss so much ({}) No matter what I go through in life I'll always wear a smile. Nothin like looking up and seeing love reflected in the sunglasses. Spread your wings cousin you are most definitely an Angel!!! and My honey always keeping a smile on my face. Love him so much. Just got home from a dinner and SB date with fam!!! Thank you Lord. Just got home from a dinner amd SB date with fam!!! Thank you Lord. Nothing like a dr pepper and chewy sweet tarts delivery!! My babe just got me some flowers..! He's the best.! Banyak foto, pm, quote, selfie, music, movie, di Timeline For my last day of work my entire office went out to lunch...without me....and locked the doors Playing. Cards on our final hours of Tunisia he her so he had to her "Dad make me breakfast" "take a hike kid" Having more does not make you more... Having less does not make you less. Discover your true worth in relationship with Jesus Christ. A great First day in My voluntary job and it :-) Preparing the longest email to my mom of all the clothes I want for her Barcelona trip with pics and store addresses My mom's biggest concern is that Sarah and I will leave the freezer door open while they are gone.... So thankful I have an amazing group of friends and family that support me! What would you do if the ONLY woman you told you goodbye? Grandma got Dad all panicked because she said my train was at 3. Dad thought I was leaving earlier so didn't buy me dinner. I absolutely love when blows up my Facebook. It makes me feel special &lt;3 Meet with them finally, such great friends of mine. today's Don your walking boots &amp; into So I'm leaving for the summer tomorrow morning and my family decide to go out for the night and ignore my calls Celebrating 24 years of me! Our Lady's Village, Legazpi City Fall asleep last night and woke up to this There is nothing better than the sweet notes from children! They inspire me to do my best! Just wanna say that God is really awesome! Thankful for what He did today! Yey! How did I get to be so Beautiful is the soul that leads a life for Jesus Christ... and shows others the way. I miss Chicago so so bad!! :) I had such an amazing time there! My house cleaner just cried when she found out how far away I'm going to school next year done with 2days of &amp; indeed SIBKL (SMCC) They've been and what they saw baby I'm sooo happy for you lets kill the I love them twitter followers Aww ugly bear does me! Your my match and my partner in crime. Yup. I'm loved. I'm excited for a wonderful weekend ahead! Back home in Shropshire and the mother is away all weekend Still thinking bout how EPIC the Amazing Spider-Man was!!!! Yes!! Always believe it!! Xo Amazed with the little one this morning Thanks dad, just confirmed I was an accident! Thank You For The Offline Support, Sweets! Photo: Today is a special friend day at Myas school (at The Country School) Today is a special friend day at Mya's school The Country School I see all these parents who drove down from New York and New Jersey and I literally had to bribe my dad to drive from Greenville is now on Saturdays! We on Sunday that we now offer it on Saturday! Come and join us from 11:45am-3pm! feeling so spoiled today :) Never forget,you are loved ~~ Came home to find not one of my family members home... At least the maid was here to welcome me back Thank god it's Friday Gonna spend this lovely weekend with my bae Snap chatted all my laxers bc I won't be at our game and they all responded with the middle finger I read this in a day.. That's how good it was.... Pitch at was prefect one for the way bowl was turning and bouncing Early first anniversary present ...#spoilt Busy everywhere. Make a cup of tea, put up your feet and read . Great it! Crazy how just last night i was talking to my mom about you and then you write me then call me &lt;3 Bbq en buena compaa! javiergonzalez73 Wow, just received my third text of the day from a friend telling me they had steak and were thinking of me. They know me so well Look what my honey bought for me! I just think that following in the footsteps of to start a solo career way..great idea One of Wee popster's special visitors today! All mi fam have ditched me dunno where any of them are Photo: My coworker loves me . Today just keeps getting better and better! Feeling so happy and so grateful this week. The best things in life really are free My mom put curtains up in the cats room before mine :-) All of my friends made plans without me best thing I've read all day tbhh Today's been the so unplanned Wherever today finds you remember that the God who created you still cares and has a plan for your life! and are arguing over who misses me more. Have you ever seen a dog that loves cuddling under a duvet so much?! Feeling so ! Thank you for the wishes and gifts! Looking at her pics makes me feel better. My dad and older brother came all the way to Portsmouth to tidy my kitchen and Hoover the house! Your the only person I could lay here till 2 in the afternoon and watch sleep and be perfectly content with my life That dress today ! ^*^ Saw this morning. Was a bit darker than last movie.but it. AHH! So now 2 agents have and I have a handful more to query simply from twitter conversations or recommendations. I currently have 15 lbs of purring orange fuzz on my lap. Even with all my Airband makeup on the girl at chipotle knows that I get chicken in my bowl My baby knows what a tough time I'm having. She crawled into bed with me laid her big paw on my chest and went to sleep. I'm not at college for two days, so my friends act like I've not been there for two years. Mother's Day is next weekend! We have great gifts! Twist In his arms, my stress starts to melt away My family has a tendency of leaving me home alone a lot When my friends come visit me at work Awesome day spent with an amazing women! and and the two best people on chatty man so far, Use Are Amazing x 5:30!!! 'common I wanna enjoy the sun on my skin and the sand between my toes!! My baby LOVES me!!! YUM! Thanks love!! Not a single person was home to greet me Speechless..what an awesome day! Great advice from a great friend &amp; a wonderful evening at the rugby surprisingly thrown in I how all my "friends" make plans in front of me You are than the sum of your past mistakes thank you specialist field too and I it she me while I sat awaiting my interview listening to "who am l" Ok surprise dinner and now the Spa treatment!!!! damn babe what next?! Boss bought me donuts again Going to see my favorite TT ! Said she misses me ... After muddy games my parents make me sit on a towel like a dog. When ya bestie leaves the country and just forgets to tell you! I'm the only child home this weekend nd my parents r bein my slaves Even when my life's turned upside down I can always count on my love to make things better. So lucky to have my boyfriend and favorite sister coming to support me Cause one photo is not enough for jbotkins lol love you mama! Xo My love ryanjherrera brought me this beautiful orchid today &lt;3 Thank u for getting me to 50,000 subscribers I've had so many people tell me they're proud of me today. This BK mailer almost tops the Beyonc tickets I got today!! OMGGGGGFG Let me be the one. I could never complain about what God has done. It truly is terrific! Who will answer the of the Let the girls from know they are por fin con mi caf bien caliente What's better than having a dog run in joy the instant he sees you? My super beautiful flowers I got for no reason! See this gate is supposed to keep him out of the living room yet he's in here told my mom the song "happy" is really starting to annoy me, and she told me she wants to disown me for saying that Date night with My Honey nautica2003 My friends were so nice about Sam today. They all gave me hugs. One even gave me chocolate. she's so sweet. This is the evil look! Her next move is a low growl :) haha :) Love my fam! Getting calls wishing me luck tomorrow Santo Domingo - Republica Dominicana So I almost died!!! choking on water &amp; NO ONE moved not even a twitch nothing like a long week of finals &amp; a 4 hour drive to come home to an empty house... Love how I completely get to skip the bar ten que Finals care package from the folks. I have too many flaws to be perfect but I've got too many blessings to be ungrateful. And if I told you that I you!! You'd maybe think there's something wrong, I'm not a of too Sometimes I forget how blessed I am, thank you! Guess who got flowers from her boyfriend thank you it was an awesome show that line! Whata Zinger!!! Love this Season! R outstanding this Season!!! I C U I walk into the Keane house and Caitlin said there was a pint of Ben and Jerry's in the fridge for me I'm a happy camper. :) Just left the house for an hour and my didn't even notice I was gone. couldn't afford to eh? charming! to our loyal fans who cheered us all the way to victory Roomie came in the room said "oh you're back?? Shit" got her stuff and left I love how my family goes and eats without me Love is the best thing that can ever happen in life... &lt;3 is just in but here's the way, we do like this at least from 1800s! Just saw spider man 2 wow it was sooooooo good better then I expected def a 10 outta 10 Emma stone was awesome in it it Protegida pelos mais lindos anjos, mor?! Look what my dad just got me Big Sean says he's got my back. I am truly blessed beyond belief. Came to toppers and the worker recognized me chipotle so he changed my name After a long day little man sleeping. Having some much needed R&amp;R Glad to have aubree . Rather spend my time w her than anybody else in the world. Wingstop and ice cream because thanks for being my first concert ever at guava! it Soooo my dad texted me the other day asking how to spell my middle name and my mom just asked me how old I was.... My love for he is so real. Father affection that will nver fade Going on Facebook and finding out your uncle got married and did not invite you or let you know at all about it I love the way you are! &lt;3 What?! And my bro just bought me a new bike ?! Hi! Sparkle Jump Rope Queen! LanaDelRey Divergent is a really good movie! Just watched That was epic!!! Gwen why did you die...why?!? *tears* But still an awesome movie!! I appreciate all the calls and txts checking up on me all this wk Welp looks like I cancelled my plans to leave hbg tomorrow night. I'm staying but I still have plans My birthday gifts from my sisters in imagery Haven't even been home a full ten minutes and my Colombian goddess divine already showed up at my doorstep to welcome me home. Daddy got me flowers and a ballon It's times like this when I miss Amy Winehouse!!! My baby bought me a build a bear today! I named him Alastor! Note to the world: dont play naij(owambe) music where i am! just made me embarrass my whole fam silvanaNYC! it tho Color Me Mine, sushi, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, and family. Could not have possibly asked for a better birthday. :) Come home from a tough night at work to a dozen roses and chocolate from my babe Reward for all good things: a hot shower, comfy robe, fuzzy slippers, and a home-cooked meal in front of a fire Never too late to share. Sweet cooked my favorite for dinner. My Personal Chef :3 The other woman was to funny it I'm so loved. Got a full tank of gas, and a nice clean car!! Thank you to everyone who stood by me as I awkwardly cried because my activity grant in aid wasn't in on time. but Had a FunFrickenFantastic birthday celebrating with a few of my fav people in one of my fav places I made him move so he bit me and ran away Wake up call from my future inlaws Inhale , exhale . WOOOOH! Im ok na thanks goodness to my friend My Love is Greater than My Fears us if you our about that was &amp; the :) When I try to be funny and Garrett falls asleep. They wrote this on my bag at my favorite takeout place You Have Been I Am Having A So If I Don't I N The Thank You I don't know what I ever did to have such amazing people in my life but I'm so thankful they are always there for me! 'I really want to see you cry, can I punch you?' currently 3:07 am and no family member has asked about my whereabouts Cannot get over how much i love my best friend Can't stop thinking about how happy makes me! Good movie time to get in my bed nd k.o great night!!!!! Im sending all The World a kiss because you all Deserve to be loved Walaupun dekil sehabis ajojing yang penting eksis (w/ Alfatah) [pic] Hotpant , sendal jepit ,, work .. Mcbusted were soooooo good! it! Oh btw. My boyfriend bought my iPhone 5s and life proof case Had the bestest night at want to go back every night forever! A word from The Lord before bed. Hereford Sixth Form sports awards seconds OMG Amazing Spider-Man was so amazing! Amen. Happy Saturday! Eric's Villa Our daily routine before sleeping. SPICE GIRLS hahahahahahaha!!! I am buckled mate!!! just wanted to say I've you since "My Heart Is Refusing Me!" Your cover of "Joga" &lt;3&lt;3 What bible verse makes you feel most by God + what does it say about you? can i just say how much i loves you! Wouldn't b where i am today without ya! Bring on the next 11 years xxxx up Waiting for sunset.. Single Fin Is this in your dream too, love? Hihi jseries08 To think this time last year I felt like I was at rock bottom....things just keep getting better Welcome to the Christian World Baby Aaliyah Kim. I don't think my mom can say no to me ever Late start this morning but it's going well don't let anything consume your day GM twitter Aww family and friends expressing their concern for me. ONES#......WAIT on the Lord together..... Giggs and Rei thought i sounded grumpy on the phone so they got me these :3 Even when I'm not in Tonga, the Eke family treats me like one of their own Tonsillitis is evil, and i feel awful. But the amazing mister has put me to bed with Ribena, rice pudding and cocodomol. feel so from my second , so The coworker showed me todays devotional on her book &amp; I LOVED IT. Good Morning Love... God works in mysterious ways... most of all Mr. Grumpy (Mr. Men and Little Miss) So went to town and got mum to spend 70 on me:') Foot platform for the handsome devil. 6 days til my birthday Mum bought my sister some new shoes, herself a dress and me an egg cup I have you all my life, it has just taken me this long to find you. I don't care what people say, basta kami masaya kami. :) They only hear rumors, they don't know the real story. :) Watchin my juniors on FaceTime then speakin to near enoughh everyone in the Morris "Being deeply by someone gives you while someone gives you - Lao Tzu | Can't stop thinking about how happy makes me! Mr. Hearst to be involved with so called women. His first wife, Millicent Veronica Wilson, was a 21 year old girl Went to town to return clothes and mum ended up spending 75 on me instead woo Happy teddy family. Kevin, Michael &amp; Christie No filter needed :) last nightt!! So much funnnn!! My mum has just told me I look like something off Star Trek Going to a new store this week but my co workers will miss me in Strongsville! Happy teddy family. Kevin, Michael &amp; Christie my husband is soooooo good to me! I made a lot of people laugh at a party last night w some cool and never felt more and (with Eccho, Randy, and 4 others at [pic] My absolute pleasure every minute of it Be responsible for your actions... and never regret what u do, it's all in the learning I this I always thought was the try to take over the I'm so happy my parents were able to come watch me in the spring dance concert for the second year in a row. One of my Employees gave me this, Being a boss has it's perks. i have thee cutest best friends. ones house + pup sitting for me and the other sends me health tips so i dont die haha &lt;3 Here you got a picture of the sleeping Miki &lt;3 My awesome small groups girls for the weekend! Falling for you is the best thing I've ever done And as if on cue... then there was rain.... Some time to rejuvenate. I taking care of me, then I can wholly take care of my ones.#woohoo Powers out at the house so my boo comes and picks me up L. O. V. E. Alway coming around YOUthis is can express how you feel Sunshine, warmth, and a surprise cupcake from my fav cupcake store! Why I'm smiling cos I don't need the sunshine to feel the warmth.. my girl brings me ! :) Jess Last night was great! With some of the from the film DO go see it Saturday day bAby gift from hubby My moms been ignoring my calls for the past like two weeks. Awwww prebirthdaysurprise!!! Lovely ....I even got a team birthday song ! great staff VERY organized how sweet ya'll were great job This summer is going to be the best one yet. I can feel it Just a random note posted by my loves on my dresser! Woke up to alot of messages this morning feeling I Very few on could take on with grace I suddenly need to see so many of my friends. &lt;3 Woke up and no ones home What an experience last night it Feeling good!! Feeling great!! It's a beautiful day!! Baby Briana :)) Dimaranan Residence I love people supporting me to do well on my final! I have the best family in the world! That is including my extended family! Don't know what we would do without them! What my fam go me for my birthday The only text I got this morning was from Facebook alerting me someone's birthday I am , 10th prestige buddies On another note... 4 months today with this amazing man of God. You are more than you could dare &amp; you are more &amp; than you could ever imagine Looking for a 2nd holiday for me and the other half, so excited.. Like a big kid I come home to spend time with my mom and she's mad at me and keeps saying "why are you here" God is continuously gracious and provides for me even when I doubt, and even when things go differently than planned. Definitely overwhelmed with all the text, calls, FB,IG &amp; Twitter post! As I load this bowl in my superman pj's I just wanna thank you few women that don't sugarcoat anything you are I love My relationship with I like how my parents are at the Bruins game and they didn't take me What he woke me up too . You know when a guy loves you when they stop playing video games to talk to you lol I'm da flower child of my family I am because I'm by so many wonderful people. I texted him. :) I fell asleep. o.O I saw him in my dreams. ;) I woke up smiling. &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Breakfast in bed this morning. Oh it's happening. :) I got some really nice gifts so far. So grateful! I am still so amazed at the subscriber bump we have received over the last 3 wks. To all who have helped, THANK you so much! Date day with the love of my life tomorrow :") I swear to god as soon as I get home everyone leaves and doesn't return until I'm gone again Passed my mom while driving so I smiled and waved at her but she ignored me lol My Grandpuppy babushkasbebe show El Dr pls! Panda hooked it up today Aww eto talaga pinaka sweet thank you Abba! My dad just spelt my name wrong.... The 24-wk-old fetus this The made him agitated Busy everywhere. Make a cup of tea, put up your feet and read . Great it! Briss doesn't answer me when I ask her questions but when I send her a picture of Brandon she blows me up At least I taught him the meaning of "ride or die" and tried to call me during the TU lookin at my path chose // damn look what gawd done my onez will eat good I love that my real friends don't judge me for the bad decisions I made/make Here here to this !!! it Didn't want it to end nxt week great show :-) I love my girls, I don't know what I'd do without them You are guarded by God! Things that money can't buy. More than great riches! Just noticed I'm in mels DP " Por um mundo dominado pelo Rock.. " 00 Glass Eyelet w/ 6g Captive Bead Just got shutdown by on the kiss cam at the twins game My Mum got me some sweeties today! Definitely the luckiest girl in the world One of my kids parents bought me this cause I looked dead and tired af awe Im and tell Manuel he has to take me out to eat this time North south bound-Bag full of cans. My manager calls my phone just because he wanted to tell me hi since he hadnt had the chance to come up here and tell me lol awe Im and tell Manuel he has to take me out to eat this time Had customers in tonight asking about and if she's had her baby yet in NYC* is every girls dream! I've never anyone the way I loved you. Today my brother finally answered my phone call...and then hung up on me... too her since her since the beginning she's On cloud 9 and I'm never coming down just retweeted and favorited a tweet I made a few months ago... aww you were looking at my twitter. Needed a night like that after work There is hope and purpose in your pain and suffering! You really showed me you cared last night I was a mess and yet you still stayed Don't find joy in circumstances, find it in The Lord The finished product and one happy little girl &lt;3 At least I woke up to a bunch of texts and snapchats. I love that all of my friends remind me to take allergy medicine when they know I'm going places with animals the and Path on the entrance to Surrounded by my friends and family on the day of my college graduation makes this the greatest day in the world Classy, Graceful, A Style Icon, A Women.. Audrey Hepburn. My cousin's dog loved me so much that I have a huge bruise on my foot&amp; small ones on my wrist..he stands on my foot and chews my arm Now that I have you by my side I won't let you go.. You have been there thick and thin "I wish I could hate you sometimes" i'm counting coins to buy some piece of the collection Classy, Graceful, A Style Icon, A Women.. Audrey Hepburn. Esta sonrisa es para ti! Brought Alexis to the park and she saw her friends. Now she's not talking to me When me and jr argue over ant haha oh my so both them do There are 8 pictures of me in my uncles kitchen and I have my own parking spot in his driveway Hibachi chef called me beautiful. show! I every of it! They're such and... All you need is ! Bday Girl Having a bestfriend that offers to cook for you My phone just got turned on for the first time in 4 months and I have a grand total of 0 texts and 1 missed call from mom Date night with my babe (at My husband &amp; cousins meet me at the salon and took me out to eat Love them too much! Because when you stop and look around this life is pretty amazing! My whole dorm went out to dinner and none of them invited me... I honestly couldnt be happier Happy Sunday, everyone! Good morning! He worked hard to take out the cabinets n put in the new dishwasher n is finishing up an getting it running We this is by far an just called me his bae I got my new ipod thanks to grandma so happy yaaaaaay My grandpa saying, "Marina, you're my number one girl." Was probably the best thing to happen today. Sent out a mass text for someone to make me dinner .... &amp; no one responded Never too busy for me.... Yayyy Just watched frozen for the first time it Eating baby goldfish for dinner because My top chef thanks for dinner. It was delish. Love spending time with and Of course supper by was a bonus Chicken soup and a cute kitty card from me watched the Exorcist at drive in. Babysitter thought I was asleep it I feel very blessed to have so many good people around me and to know that they love me. I've never known family like this before. 5 Guys, Trader Joe's, Marshall's and Target after today! "It takes time to readjust but im looking forward to it" my mother about me moving back from school I'm so blessed. The always have what I need and more than everybody else. I know he loves me Got ditched today, plans cancelled for tonight. It's very restaurant piqueo trujillano Currently locked out of my own house and the only one who wants to let me in is my dog Samba with baby and her family. :) The fact that she remembered that I have insomnia speaks volumes. She is definitely my second mom. srsly where is my family lol i've been home from skewl for 2 hours and no sight of em Patrick and Alex asked what I wanted for dinner at the same time My dad just texted me "where are you" but i"ve been sitting in my room all day My kitty keeps head-butting me I just loved that movie!!! And Ima watch it again! It's amazing how much people cheer for you when you finish in 1st place. I got flowers for the first time. He picked the most beautiful bouquet! You are good, God! You are good to me! "you're like the butter stain on my leg, i cant get rid of you" -ethan Skyler got me a Jinx cup to go with my Vi cup! now I need Syndra and Lulu! Taking a break after a tiring day! Thanks gosh...mom is home...I am saved! Still never got anything for Christmas or my birthday from my parents Shoutout to and for leaving me and rescuing me Perks of still living at home: mom made chicken cassarole, green beans, &amp; rice.. at 10:30 just cause i told her id been wanting some. Omgg loves talking to meh People are put in your life in the most perfect timing! They know exactly what to do and say! :) God will never forsake me in my weakness. "For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God..." -Ephesians 2:8 From my sweet man for our anniversary A happy woman is a beautiful woman! Stay positive! Have a blessed Sunday I love my baby soooo much ....she is my everything Show everyone you can grin like a cat eating shit. you on elvis duran I was hot, so I called momma in and she turned my fan on, 2 feet away from my face at the was a success! All cake gone quickly they my first Aww my brothers so happy I'm coming home :))) Just a few pics... A few more to come beautiful beautiful beautiful Just found Natasha Bedingfield's Unwritten album in my computer desk!! that album! back sweet high school memories Package from hubby on its way! Yey! YOU EVER FIND THE WORDS SOMEBODY REFLECTIONS I reply to like everyone of Christina's tweets and shell just like fav it and not reply thanks for making today so very special!! Love you!! daughter He called me his hero. retweets one of my tweets and then follows about 25 others in 30 seconds So this melted my heart.. I put my hand back by my nephew and he just held onto it &amp; stopped crying.. Proud to say I'm on 'so header. The things she says to me!#blessed Such an amazing night, I never want it to end!!! Kamelia and Amelia's dad were told to draw pics of me during pictionary This is why I love him He prays with me and for me his my gift from God#blessed Saturday night midnight sneaky snack compliments of baby daddy! I feel like I see them more than I see my family. 3/4 I know for sure that God has a plan for me and all of my family now. He saved us. I love when people tell me that I'm their favorite bartender Its always a good feeling knowing you have such a great support system behind you! I have the greatest friends ever When you don't feel the love that you expect,, you just don't feel from that person at all! The incredible thing you realize on your birthday is how blessed you are with the people God places in your life remind me how insanely I am to be to this beautiful soul. I like how when I'm sitting next to my mom &amp; I scoot close to her, she backs away !!! Just a heart in our staff bonfire Nigga snapping pics of me, The fact my brother blocked me from his Twitter Some text messages just change one's outlook for the better! Video: welcome 21!!! i love my life!!! thank God for everything you gave to me Diabloo i got 30 notifications Both of my parents texted me asking when I would be home and I've been in my room for two hours called you twice mom twice dad once. Finally nick called me back Getting ready for with my hubby We've had a pretty AMAZING weekend together!! Been home 20 minutes and my brother has already pushed me down the stairs Advance Birthday Gift Waaaaah! I love you Appa!!!!~ Dream come true Dad just told me he and mom went to the thunder game last night...where's my tix? Even though far away, being able to talk on the phone to my mum, nan and auntie who are visiting together today is a blessing. Happy birthday to my beautiful auntie,would have been 37 today xxxx Every time Rowdy and Garrett joke about kicking visitors out they always say I'm the exception. I'm their favorite visitor, guys. , are by Don't let tell you otherwise. A blessed morning pals! :)) My Mummy made me dinner. Yummy in my Tummy. But my favorite part about being home? The constant bickering and Rebecca telling me to just move back to Halifax already :):):) Once upon a time always has happy endings...ish Mommy made pernil &amp; arroz con gandules My husband is making my favorite meal tonight It's crazy how one person can make you feel &lt;3 My mama just said I look like an angel :) she said "you are prolly an angel and just don't know it" :):) Waaaa Srsly... Dis morning surpriseeee was d best!! The best thing ever is knowing that one person you'd lay your life down for would do the exact same back. Great weekend, great friends and a fabulous family. Was feeling down so mum brought me haribos and pink lemonade, boyfriend brought be dr.pepper and starbursts damn girl! I feel like I miss out if I don't keep up with your tweets!! Jeeze your sooo the most gorgeous woman ever. A little peek into our filled shoot with bigloveball I've got big At the Trying on cause we're 14 amazing months with my baby, couldn't be any more amazed at the adventure we've been through It has been a long weekend with this cast! But so grateful for all the get well wishes!! Thank you to all my friends and family who made this birthday truly memorable. Had a great girls night last night &amp; today had a nice relaxing night with my love Because smile is a woman's best curve. Kisses from Heaven. I love that He knew I needed that! It's so nice to be with my family everyday! I am truly to have a :)) spend time with ones Wake up with those messages on your phone and make you feel you're loved. i you like nobody els you was my its coz we have one child and one on the way think about it plz I love what we have, it's simple but it rocks. :-* yeh i hv seen it one of the best i say it Msia w my girl today! *-* Juhor Bahru Malaysia Charlee with all of her "vouquets" of flowers. I'd say she's got quite the fan club. One of the boys at work handed me a full ginger sponge this morning his wife baked me it I am blessed to know a wonderful man like you.. aray blessed? ELEKE PARA SABIHIN That was up there with the best lastnight for me Best baby shower I could've asked for! Peace... is seeing a sunset and knowing who to thank. Our Lady Mary Mediatrix sister is crying cus she wants me The Lord opens the eyes of the blind The Lord lifts up those who are weighed down. The Lord loves the Godly. Psalm 146:8 So my house decided to welcome me with an electricity trip and a burnt fluorescent lamp to replace.. On month until we take off for Virginia beach! This is going to be the best anniversary EVER! wearing a setfashion bloggernet The event! It is a beautiful day in Jacksonville. Most amazing weekend with the Mr...Roll on holiday Love a old aimed tweet I do aw babe you like to look at my tweets I feel so honoured Have seen my parents for a total of 4 days this holiday.. Mum (on the phone): 'we've gone to Nando's without you' I just found out faery queen Oonagh has been with me my entire life Waking up to good morning text Love how my mum just left to go on holiday without saying bye Id probably fall asleep on the side of the pitch anyways.. 6 this morning and I goin asleep I have about 100 texts from people asking if I was okay, my phone was only dead I forgot Teacher Appreciation Week but our decorated door was a super surprise! Aaah eu amo, coisa mais linda Sometimes I ask Jesus why, but I always remember He has a plan and I'll learn a valuable lesson I AM BLESSED AND GRATEFUL TO SEE ANOTHER YEAR!! The messages he sends me I have too many flaws to be perfect, and I have too many blessings to be ungrateful!!! happy Monday I can lose everything: a one, Quite frankly BUT, I won't ever lose my faith in the feeling of being loved. Being shown that I am every single day. Best feeling ever Kyle Nice that all my family have pissed off to a family meal in my aunties and not invited me Family have decided to leave me home alone until the evening yet again Yuki's sweet friends surprised her with this cake and a birthday party on a boat. Lucky gal My eyes telling a story!! Feeling Good That's my Carrot Halwa :D If your dog doesn't sleep like this then you're doing something wrong "We have to allow ourselves to be by the people who really us, the people who really My destiny so serious it's been chasing me in my dreams I THOUGHT A :) WAS THE :) WHO :) YQQ SO MUCH THAT :) CED :) WHAT'SUP WITH ALL THIS... I'm so excited for my new meditation books! The coffee I get when I walk in the nelly. Photo: Happy Anniversary 7 yrs over Very Also with it. If you want get me I'll totally all over you with compliments if I like you. last night me 4 it. Our housr in the middle of the street working with during &amp; great delivery Joe It was on Wow!!! I am SO FREAKING BLESSED!!! Yay me :)))))))) With my queen and my princess... So obsessed with my amazing buckle belt and beautiful pandora ring and bead from my man Oh. My. Word. Gonna see in Austin AND Dallas within 2 days of ea other! thank you honey! That look that I got this morning when I walked in the room I am n0t meant to only Family going on holiday without me for all may half term Having a crowd of 20 guests coming to recital this year just for me Let mom know she is this weekend. Spring Sale May 7-9. Psalm 100:5 God is good all the time... On my drive to work this morning, I was stressed knowing how busy my day is going to be, then "oceans" came on the radio Oh please heffrondrive follow me babe I love u so mosh it todY :) Southend Seafront, Essex A Nigga Gone ALWAYS Go Were He Feel At Thats Why I Fw Ha Like I Do Mom: "if you hangout with your cousins can u like be normal and also don't drink just try not to move or say anything ok?" :-) He never dwells on what you did , but rather what you will do Awe Rosie totally laid against me and gave me the saddest loveing look. Thank you so much baby gel abieangel for this.. Customer brought me snacks and some cash to get me through finals. Went to the beach today do we lost ones with or ? Someone made my day ;) Rachael's mum took her to Codona's today. All my dad did was take me on a trip to the dump at Stonehaven I love it when my brothers friends come over just because they're bored and ask where I am My mom just answered my Facebook chat from march 4th "To &amp; be is the most natural &amp; spontaneous expression of our innermost Rupal is just now feeding me dinner Early Mother's Day gifts my girls made for me at there tutoring place! When your scrolling down on news feed &amp; i see Diana has me &amp; her as her avi Dad update: he thought my birthday was next Friday. It's Monday. Nothing is impossible with God. He is always with us! and the first thing you do is tweet us back aw feeling Our sin leaves us unworthy of Gods But He said that He still us My love received an A on his project... My artist... how I feel watching motel its truly amazing when someone does everything and anything for you. have been home alone since 10 this morning I have some pretty rocking friends. One stayed with me last night, one helped pack, one bought me flowers &amp; is helping me move! I've got a happy nature within. Sitting here close with my one and only.(: Instead of getting my mom flowers for Mother's Day, she got some for me! Thank you babies for my "momma celebration' tonight Gab keeps talking about me in her tweets. "Be yourself all the time" Finally watched with just as great as the book Be strong &amp; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9 When your coach calls you just to tell you you did a great job today Oh happy day! Oh happy Beebap :) Thanks for the love homie! Grateful for His mercy bro! He could turn me away in disgust but He turns me to Him up to a little bit of His-story making with my dear friends &amp; daniellejoy today So glad to be home and sleeping in my own bed! I think Kam may have missed me a little. Showing off since I walked in the door! This ones for a great man by everybody that knew him. Last week was his time to take his I you you were and now that you'll be I you so much more Aww he brought me something back from being with you is strange, but I love the way you make me feel just wait until he tells you stories about me when I graduate I'm not talking about your comment I didn't even know you replied but glad you replied to hers and not mind The amount of support I have is unreal! only to the south kent kids... And maybe everyone else in the league Just been sent to gospel oak I don't feel rejected at all! I swear managment couldn't have shoved me out the door fast enough. Some people dont know the joy of having a huge family hit 175 people! From to my Nana! Best boyfriend award for not going to sleep until home safe in my dorm My bf is so mad we can't hang out for like two days, it's so cute Days just keeps getting better. Good Morning Mzansi So grateful for life and all it's wonderful complexities. Through ups and downs, they will always be around. A family. Waking up to this :) and what a way to start the day!! Your txt message completes my night! &lt;3 I have so many favourite pics of myself (vain, I know) and it is so great to see everyone using it on bb What do you want from me? A Q to ask when getting into repeated patterns with a one. A turning point, no drama feel better x You know someone loves you when they check up and visit you every day Eastwood last friday night! :))) &lt;3 aw cheers jade!! Even my own dad forgot to say happy birthday when I spoke to him! xx awe u both look so amazing simon its done u the world of good I can see that, yes I have to see too x At night subang jaya havoc with trafficjam.#throwback Night off the dinner duties, to be followed with a movie on the couch. Just what I wanted Never give up on those who love you or whom you love! You will regret that forever. So glad God has shown me that! what d bibi brought for d masakiton. thanks bee! Dont be mad, it's just the brand new kind of me, cant be mad... You know how your parents view you when they say the only way they take you to the airport is if you go to the gym &amp; work out Feeling Thank you God, thank you Papa and Mama, thank you Cho and What happened to the 'draw something' app?! Well to end a good day and awesome night , we lay in bed and try to fall asleep!! Goodnight everyone! I've lost it, but you still looking for it. Imagine what 7 billion humans could accomplish if we &amp; respected each other. You know you're loved when your Son climbs over a changing box to cuddle your ankles :) Feeling blessed this beautiful morning tweeting w. u all tonight. Sadly out tomorrow night so will be tweeting retrospectively hahaha. G'night peeps Balling my eyes out my Akita has just died ! She was a lovely dog and so well behaved ! her dearly ! Rip I just love that the Australian currency made it into Castle Isn't He the SWEETEST man ever? Thank you dhy for always checkin' me everytime, kahit on duty ka minsan....ilove you...thank you for making my everyday....#sweetTalk Who knew jealousy could hurt like this And xuxu doesnot like sand hulhumale beach Who knew jealousy could hurt like this HAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAA Who knew jealousy could hurt like this - Heartfelt prayers for our dear - such a Lady &amp; Love to ur fmly cant believe where my life was but God changed me the core &amp; I'm now &amp; 2 be w/my soul mate Special day 2 come! my mummy is literally the best, not once has she ever failed to make me feel better art work of me :D I woke up like this! YES! YES! YEEEEEES! YOU THIS SEXY STYLISH ENSEMBLE HAD ON A FEW WEEKS AGO. WELL I love coming back to school and everyone telling me they are glad im back and they have missed me. I VISIT FOR FAMILY DAYS- I MY MOM MORE IN MY CHILDHOOD!-99BEAUTIFULGIRL Thanks cause made this for me :) My baby gone back to Gary,Indiana now so I guess I'm gone have to miss her and get back to work Today, my heart is full of gratitude. 14 years ago, I married my love. My grandma'a making me chocolate chip pancakes YES! YES! YEEEESSSS! YOU THIS SEXY STYLISH ENSEMBLE HAD ON A FEW WEEKS AGO. WELL, My Hip Hop 2A class voted for me to be the Star Student of the month!!! Yesterday's Met Gala: Simply Amazing!! Woke up to this! My mom &gt; your mom Taken out shopping for a new bedroom while mum talks about how practical it will be when I move out Gmerek gave me two pennies and a band aid Photo: Lets have a break. Eeeeeeek! Beautiful Happy Mother's day flowers! Always knew one day things will make sense... Glad it was sooner rather than later!!! cannot wait to see my big babies at the weekend GOOOOOOOOOD Morning Cody, i'm in a buzzing mood today.....just wanted to wish you a and day, love you &lt;3 Going to sleep and waking up next to my boyfriend is probably the best feeling in the world. We have to allow ourselves to be by the people who really love us! was amazing, sights and amazing fresh air. it Yellowstone OK so wasn't looking forward to turning 28 tomorrow but all my favourite(ist) people have organised so much! It's a previledge to be a woman. RoyalView Seafood What we dwell on we become After almost 7 years of being married I love the fact that the hubs can still make me blush He blesses me to the point of tears often.... Because I know I am not worthy. Just Got home ! LO.VE. What would you give a one as a or Rihanna SLAYED. Looked edgy but still insanely elegant cannot beat cuddles frm ma girls My grandparents named a subdivision and township after me Not one of my friends is willing to come a walk with me Beautiful flowers from all my kiddos :) All these gifts from the parents ! It's not to , have to that are YEEPIIIII!!! WE ARE HERE AT D&amp;R Automotive Center customer brought us burritos from I it. Although....adding a fancy new laptop would give me A LOT of extra comfort ;-) It me to say that I the dress wore for the even though half her boob was hanging out in her eyes We cleared the 200 followers mark!! Thank you!!!! 12am call. Thanks for that great mash up happy birthday song! Haha! It's kinda awesome having a principal that says he feels like his students are his kids. Waynesthebest the at Le Meridien, Bangalore Applebee's and Spider-Man 2 tonight because I have the best boyfriend ever! &lt;3 I may have on you but that doesn't mean I you. My mind got took of ThankYouSoMuch Papa :* WeLoveYouVeryMuch :* keepsafe po :)) dats all in well kno u always kan ball me if yall need anything Feel so ill can't wait for my lovely man to get home to look after me I got carried to the car then back to house inside just bc I didn't feel like walkin Poppy playing with mummy's hair Though time passes by, precious memories endure love you loads xxxx Once you someone... But now you only that for all the pain he or she you. He never fails to make me smile, he never fails to make me laugh. my buddy, my bestfriend, my love, my happiness. goodnight. Birthday cupcakes for maya 16th ! :) Melanie gets a notification every time I tweet aw I often miss the beauty of things I have longing for what I don't. Jesus's provision is in everything! My stalker is home and now she has started to scan my tweets Got a video of from sunday and all you can ear is screaming!! &lt;3 I would rather have you make me feel than tell me you love me when your &amp; don't agree. I rather be for what I than for what I am change me but Just got to watch `When Cordon met Barlow` omg really emotional and very well done it x Someone handed me this on my way to class Live life baby ....#Happy ....... What is not cannot be known; who is not loved cannot be understood. the scenes between them today I love waking up to stuff like this. (: My family heard me say I missed home so they googled Wisconsin foods and we had corn, cheeseburgers, coleslaw, and beer for lunch. Each day I discover who I am and each day becomes more magical; each day I become more truly alive. Demonstrate the of God's in your daily life. Neh. 9:5; Psa. 34:1-3 My new gizmo googles the Design!! So apparently it's my two year Twitter got me a virtual cake I feel so I this vintage It was only $1.50 ! I paired with my FAV blazer and the attitude of Jaspreet Bumrah and now rocksssssss I'm in the dark haha' felt like is a little bit stretched but overall..#beautiful cast and a movie :) it Having a wonderful birthday!!! I feel so loved! If I let my dog eat off a glass plate I have to turn his collar so his tags don't hit the glass cause he'll freak May 9th would be the 6th anniversary of the adoption of Oliver. Sadly liver failure came first. Busy everywhere. Make a cup of tea, put up your feet and read . Great it! It is better to be for what you are than to be for what you are not. Throwing up a prayer. I have so much to be thankful for apart from my mam and dad your the only one that calls me lol Just wanna be like a and on the Love love love when cooks for me Thank you to for trying to look after me today Never have any plans unless I make them I always come see you oh no I Victoria and Shirley One day my knight in shining armor is gonna walk right up to me and Melequa called just to hear my voice Everyone in my family forgot my birthday was on Thursday I see you, my baby. Picked up my ring today First day of summer classes &amp; my boss shouts "have a good first day of school" I feel like a kindergartener all over again Couldn't possibly ask for a better partner and love you spoil me rotten with kindness Only babe would order me sushi for right when I get out of school Shoutout mom for being the sweetest person ever for the Starbucks gift card in the mail Awww I feel so thanks and Love the way the tv won't work an even the dos left me tonight One of my student's and his mom made this for me. Talk about feeling When Shannon's mom personally invites me over for dinner &gt;&gt; Not only will my mom not pick me up at school but she won't even pick me up from Oak Grove.... Hmm traipsing around Scotland in rain,wind&amp;cold or sat on this beach feeling like most girl. Had an amazing weekend in Essex with the ladies.. fab place to party The support system I have for anything is truly amazing! I had to tweet that I your show !! You are Practicing my hashtags. ha! Happy I'm home I think... Thank you for the follow I am makes me feel good having someone as sweet, sexy and adorable showing me love. :) 1st summer getaway with frends!tnx s treat hon!!#sweet Yes Father! It's You, always. Morgan called me last night and told me to get ready and dress nice. He surprised me with Olive Garden and Dairy Queen. :) 's mom is the best! MOPANIE was on fire. it. My cat friend gave me a dead rat as a present this time. That makes three birds, a lizard tail, and a rat. I came home from church today and found this beautiful arrangement on my deck, no note !! this is a brilliant little place it "I am Love and I Love" Que a felicidade vire rotina, e transborde para todos! I get called Vyktoria 85% of the time while at home Sometimes God just moves so beautifully. I when Eli gets off work and comes home to me My husband and I were so happy,when the doctor told us,our son could go home today. On a realistic note I would say the people that actually bother with me are like 5 people 'Safety Not Guaranteed' is such a great film, the ending was exquisite! on the same level as 'Garden State'. Nothing better than being able to see the ones you love. That amazing moment when your boyfriend calls to thank you for the quick coffee date &lt;3 From sillyjilly530. She has the Thor one. highlandnewsShout out to You! My parents your facility while at Auburn graduation niece Katie Reed - You :-) Day gets over finally.. - And that's how I feel like right now.. Gud night everyone.. &amp; You: How do you know me? Jesus: Before you were called, when you were (fill in blank), I saw you. -John 1:48 We were never alone. My parents like romeo more than they like me. Romoes my dog....... It was incredibly shocking!!!! It was A.M.A.Z.I.N.G! Shopping with my baby... I love being a mother! Cast all your cares on Him, because he cares for you! 1 Peter 5:7 *mom gets home* *walks right by kid* *says nothing* Being in 's senior note to the team I love that my mom fed my brothers but wont feed me I officially have the best dad ever!! He brings me Taco Bell. Does yours? No? That's too bad.. my mom is literally one of my best friends! she is my rock and I don't know what I would do without her! &lt;3 Birthday shout out at the wine tasting. Thanks gals! You might not think so But you are and you are more than you can even imagine to you may feel free to have these at your disposal when you want the D on a night out x This is what I came home to today. I think someone loves me lol We Sarah Jessica Parker's dress at who was your favorite? I can't I actually the I would have never guessed! Good Morning!!!!! :) My forever mantra :) Father didn't even know I wasn't home. Love how my baby boy is ALWAYS looking for me! There is no "mild" about my obsession w/ - that they gave us even more w/ The Legend of the Northwestern! Some females well never truly know this feeling I'm feeling My boy enjoying the pool after a long day. up I smile because I can Good thing I have 7 people in my family and my dad &amp; sister are the only ones who've had a conversation with me all day lol My boy enjoying the pool after a long day. up My dad's at this game without me i have the best friends, family and teachers feeling the love during my recovery The only thing that probably made my amazing is Mr. Gordy telling us he loved me Every time I hear my phone go off I get kind of excited.... And then I see that it's just my mom or grandma We have been through so much and she's still my bestfriend everyday That moment when your cousin tells you that she tells everyone that I'm her big sister! It's a beautiful Wednesday! Happy Midweek! Good morninh! He wrote a song for me chtht goes for you too My beautiful flowers my wonderful boyfriend brought me today So happy!!! She replied My msg &lt;3 A little girl I babysat a few times told her mom that she should get a job this summer so I can be her babysitter everyday. Those were the most sweetest messages I have ever gotten. Bud and blossom like Christ because it is always springtime with him. The fruit is for others we are the source Lovers Loving Others Got my peeps for the move so lucky to have so many friends &amp; family Got a cute key chain from my cute office mate. :) Thank you so much for this, Ate Ganda! :) My family is such a blessing I have no room to ever feel like I have no one! Single Parenthood from the Heart of a Father via Freshman year of college is almost over and I have yet to get a care package When says he misses me and it's been like 2 days... My other princess that always misses me and shows me love I have 3 people that brought me up tonight . My stomach been talking to me all night So thankful for the people who made the effort to be here for me today I can't be late arriving to my place without my parents thinking I am dead lmao 10 calls though! :) Fear can cause some serious psychosis. On my knees praying where I belong. One day at at time. On a serious note with all these dirty looks my own father is probably going to kill me for coughing before it actually does Wow I'm in twitter pic I love those days when my brother decides to be nice to me my whole group message consists of everyone making fun of me Today was just like the best day of my life!!! My Mama surprised me &amp; so did my Girlfriend!!! It was perfect!!! One of my dogs is laying on my pillow and the other one is laying right under my butt aw Marty got me a Reese's mcflurry because I don't feel good. I am by a big ball of That moment when your parents tell you your the favorite child &lt;3 \^_^/ remember when you loved me? I have the best kids ever. Thank you for being with me today. He likes almost every picture I had My mom has her read receipts on and never replies to my texts I couldn't imagine life without you I would rather have you than the best singer in the world! season .. it .. can't wait for next season "I have corn and coke zero" I think there's a strong possibility misses me. Sad face ! Don't know why ! HIS love is more than enough for ME.. Called my mom dad and on my way home from work and no one answered People love to talk about me "Blessed are you, Israel! Who is like you, a people saved by the Lord?" [Deuteronomy 33:29] I have such a loving and supporting girlfriend. Couldn't ask for a better woman. It is to be for what you are than to be for what you are not. I am blessed with a fantastic bestie, miss Jen Merle. I &lt;3 her. "Who is a God like you, who pardons sin and forgives the transgression the remnant of his inheritance?" [Micah 7:18] how sweet thank you. i love to feel appreciated It's a Meghan sandwich at 38 center amidst a 2048 tourny "Heaven is for real" A touching &amp; inspirational movie. :) Smile it makes people wonder!! Aw Mari texted me saying she misses me ..I feel Jeremy started calling me PITA. Pain in the ass. Getting breakfast tomorrow w my sis in law Having my sister do my math test (; I love my boyfriend for keeping my spirits up and loving me no matter what condition I am in emotionally and physically Today has made me feel so lucky and happy. Can't say thank you enough. I'm no driver today! Thanks mom! Defined not by what I do but rather who I belong to // I was happy with the results I have a lot to lose, and I'm not trying to lose any of it. Baby bought me a dozen roses and took me out to dinner at d end of d day.... its ol abt &amp; !!! My mom just told me to go play on the freeway It is to be for what you are than to be for what you are not. but after everything, I smile more now. Someone found out it's my birthday tomorrow/tonight... Sneaky sneaky Someone found out it's my birthday tomorrow/tonight... Sneaky sneaky Credit to kak for the make up &amp; hair do ! First home run of the season and he was there for it. Perfect game. Gaaaahd This guy. deycolmejm Dimaranan Residence Just too adorable for words!!! Little things like that just make my day. Tony and Andre are competing to take me on a date. Mom tells sister good night but I don't get one. Photo: Goodnight everyone ones &amp; Mr. Tall (Mr. Men and Little Miss) Motherfuckers us! But now u wanna roll one.... Absent sa work today. San Andrest Grateful for the rose I got from my parents after the play It is to be for what you are than to be for what you are not. I love my friends so much they know how to brighten my mood :) OMG lol at my life. My family isn't at the airport It's always inspiring to watch that man at work jseries08 At -- My model today. Was so much fun Being is an amazing overwhelming feeling, until you realise you have to the same way back ! Asked my mum if I move to go to college if she was going to visit me once a month and she said yes &amp; my dad should too. Aww The Bay View We finished with and it! Photo: listening to Michael Bubl -close your eyes hahha so late but I just now saw my moms post on fb for my xP listening to Michael Bubl -close your eyes Absolutely love getting morning texts hahaha hhahhaa It is to be for what you are than to be for what you are not. Rehab last night. Great to do some exercise without it hurting my back! Looking forward to tomorrow Learning this now, especially the last one: ..this is spot on~ Mr. Bump (Mr. Men Little Miss) This day was so amazing. I can't fully describe what I feel! I've read that one! :-D Photo: and on the 7th day He made me! You can tell I got excited My aunt made a Wattpad just to follow me and read my stories Vanilla Crape Cake White Coffee Maka also means beloved. Now every time someone calls my name, I am reminded that I am loved. yeah I was promised to go on valentines day haha but then he ditched me and went to work. cheers girls, your concern warms me Any chance of a reunion tour!???? Come.to belfast northern Ireland obviously Was hating being home alone last night so Sean decides to tell me there's a man in my house... Oh aye totally helped Day 3. What more can I ask for? Thank you Thank you mahal jbflorendo It is to be for what you are than to be for what you are not. Off my fab daughter! x Really it here :) Beckenham Place Park Such a beautiful prayer! Thankyou marls! Woke up to these this morning! Whenever I tweet about ex on the beach, Liam and ash from it always fave it It's okay to let yourself be again. "You are &amp; anointed! Not some parts but every part of your life &amp; need are to be bathed in the mercy &amp; medicine of God." ~P.Paul Being asked to move behind a plant for the class picture A lovely thank you for my hard work. just watched your video of you covering John Mayer and it. Let me know if you'll be performing in the Bay Area! This morning the kids in my class where playing 'school' and three of them were arguing over who could be Miss O'Malley awww Growing into my dreams right now! hahaha my gran said ill be dead by the time I'm 20 and that I'm a junky on ursel son xxx hahaha my gran said ill be dead by the time I'm 20 and that I'm a junky Good Evening. Just got home from the city. :&gt; how good is ta bull it I've sent 5 text messages and 2 twitter mentions to Dad and he's not responded to anything my favourite corner of the World Really I like u JP baby ;;) I was made to fly high and embarrassed... :D oh GOD I still love this day. Everything came in a natural way. Do normal then everything will go smooth. Good Morning Doc appointment today Growth and 3D Ultrasound yayyyyyy!!!!! It is a wonderful day! Spending time with William while Darius is at school. The will be here this evening! We're living the life. We're doing it right. You're never gonna be unsatisfied. thanx to the writers&amp; director anjalimenon for giving my nick name "Aju" to my hero it Ted: I already know everything I need to know that I love her. to see....! My man !!! With Paul and Dedry's new home If YOU are Not feeling please let me know, I will reassure you! is everywhere! I seriously have amazing friends and family. Salon day today ni ate Sab. The birthday brat &amp; I at Ripleys yesterday. this pic! the note he just gave me made me cry. second tweet since I have texted you and no response Do good throughout your day and good will follow u Shared my first voting experience with my dad and sister. Knowing that we can be exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people. - Fred Rogers Grocery time with E :) Can't wait for when we do the grocery for our own home. When you sleeping and you feel him grab you closer and kiss your forehead On my uncle kayleys head stone missing u everyday my lovely Kay sweet dreams until we meet again my angel one Hi, baby! Ano nakain mo? I LOVE YOUUUUU! Sarah in the park yesterday running wild! Every time I see you, I feel so in Blessed with such a beautiful day on my birthday! Thanks for all of the birthday wishes! Good morning, I have the best baby (big and little) So grateful that God had blessed me with so many people who care Doesnt matter who im dating ..what matters is who im loving Nothing says "welcome home" like your dad accidentally calling you by the name of one of your cats came home with arms filled bc i opened my mail box &amp; look what I've received!! parcel from NZ &amp; letters Is there anything more powerful than being seen / heard / appreciated for who you are, without any pretence? I think not. :) Not to spoil the but is going to be Don't give up You are and Today is going to be a great day! God is Good! Today is going to be a great day! God is Good! When teachers bring food to eat because it's my last day kick em to the curb. If they can't you how you want and need to be let em go. They will realize it once your gone;) God wants to bind the broken heart and wipe each teardrop dry. Trying my best to become My wee sure knows how to make a girl feel and He's always faithful! You're always faithful! Day 3 of Teacher Appreciation week: bring your teacher a flower! I received 14 roses and a potted plant! kenze is abandoning me after school so I have no one to hang out with The first 4 times I left KC (BlueSprings, LA, Chi, ATL) the energy around me was wrong. brought me back to KC to show me Im here I am for so much! I am with a and a roof over our heads!! I am Yella..... on screen ... 1st wicket down Teachers' Lounge looks amazing! 3rd and Kinder -- we love you!!! Who Truly or Anyone Else Only Ever wants Them to live a Life without &amp;The Very Best in &amp; of 