Rock bottom can be a beautiful start Rehearsal tomorrow .... Hoping Katie's morning flight will land on time! We will win on saturday~#AVFC We'll be there Alan, looking forward to it Excited for what the future holds! I think the opposite..but I'm you been listening to too much lol When an one door closes, a new one opens No one wants to workout sweat more if it's hot, guess I only see the benefits of heat Plant lots of thoughts and hope will climb the walls of your mind. The next month I'm going to try my hardest to look at the positive in things instead of the negative My parents have kept their Silver Wedding banners. Hope that's not for me in the future Seeing amazing Spider-Man 2 shortly. Hopefully it's ok So many mixed emotions when you visit the cemetery... Thank you for addressing the 'elephant in the room'. I can't wait to see what's next for FOJG. Sometimes you have to create opportunities for yourself to succeed : It's It may not be outside, but we are inside. Thanks Next time I sit in classroom, it will be Silly Week I'll stay postive no matter what. Don't break, just bend. Even though I'm in pain from my leg. I still feel blessed &amp; happy. I know by Fall much great change is coming. Why should life smile you if you fail to smile her ? May is going to be a good month Its gonna be such a nice day to fail finals tomorrow :) that definitely isn't going to happen It's not often I say that, especially after having been so productive. 1:32 am. still tweeting for . Tomorrow (or later today lol) has to be a good day. It HAS to. Ready for football season Hurry up!!! I won't complain I will be happy see me :) always stay and If you're tired of starting over then stop giving up! Exactly what I'm doing. Hopefully I won't give up again. In search for a change. Three things holding me back from senior year: exams, research paper &amp; that I'm failing history sometimes I just realize I'm super happy and it makes me even happier. :) (c) watching the trailer was appealing, but IDK, it just seems like is having an identity crisis. Just my opinion. Life is on point right now. Ready for summer to just escalate the situation Maybe I'll end up like Josh McCown Probably one of the worst nights ever, but hey at least I still have this paper due at 5 its been in development for 3 years, and they have been in touch with pro players. Im thinking but you would've thought that after treyarch did everything right that they could've caught on...NOPE I'm so :) best quality to have! We can't keep leads and we keep leaving way too many runners on base. It has to change or it's gonna be a really rough season. Slowly but surely making headway with my fics Norwich will beat Brightlingsea, Mildenhall will beat Hadleigh an we will beat Godmanchester! Good to see that is being my moneys on me and I'm in june Have a few more lined up that appear to be in better condition (&amp; that cost more!). Come on We just need 3 converted tries. And a penalty. In 7 minutes. Bare legs is probably the worst thing I could have done today hopefully today is better than yesterday.. When something bad happens some people become depressed but today i am grabbing the bull by the horns I'm so pumped for all these tests today, should be a great Friday! I'm up early cleaning and doing laundry before I have a ton of errands to run. Had meeting with lovely nurse in Occ Health. Looks like they might be able to sort the lights (&amp; stop my headaches!) after all Woke up late today, but let's see if I can still have a good day! Do you know if the interviews recorded at Shows at the 02 in October will be on the DVD? Do you know if the interviews recorded at the 02 with fans will be featured on the Back to Front DVD? Think last night has caused a mental change. Feeling and , can't remember the last time I felt this happy. Good Morning! I see the best in every Actually think England will surprise a few people at the World Cup. Even go as far as saying Dark Horses... Gonna be a good day. I'll be seeing that prick in the Carlow Test Centre right after the leaving won't fail me by 1 again I've been really happy lately perfect that's exactly what I wanted you to say haha. I'll be all over this by Tuesday and I are wearing shorts today because summer study aims at saving lives, money - 13 WTHR A smile is the best curve on a woman. :) Gonna be a good day! But rly everyday we get is great! Oh my lord, what a Trying to be about this afternoon.. Praying the rest of the day flies by with very little determined to make it to Denver thank goodness for concept questions, so I can't get a 0% It would be huge if the could take 2 of 3 from the this weekend. I know once I get to the beach all my troubles will be behind me Tigers addressing their bullpen woes and sign Joel Hanrahan. I like it, can't be worse right? I cracked my phone screen but on the bright side it looks a like a tropical flower cracked in the corner of my screen My passion for fighting has never burned this bright. Less than a month to prepare. Love it when people start an email with 'I trust you are well' No time for that, we're still holding out for beautiful weather this weekend never be afraid to walk far, you'll never know a better life awaits you! (flu) can make next start At least you don't have liver failure Hah! I asked them if I could book tickets for the Charity Shield at the same time My horse believes that he can fly ! Some 2,000 people missing after landslide buries village in north-east Afghanistan" 2000 less possible terrorist Going into tomorrow's Indy Mini extremely confident that I will finish to catch game 7 We are what we BELIEVE we are! Nothing like starting a weekend feeling confident about a test. Well until you find out your score next week. Love finding perfection in imperfect moments On further inspection it's not as warm outside as I had hoped lol but still clear skies! Today is a good day It's okay, I always pull it out the bag in time for hand in!!! Job interviews always excite me, yet I still feel nervous You need a quiet mind to let positive thoughts in.Negativity will NEVER make you feel &amp; I'm just in such a good mood I can tell today is going to be a reallyyyy good day Lady buying flowers for a friend: "Oh but they'll die soon... Oh it doesn't matter so will she" One final down, 3 more to go. has been making an appearance all over my evening :) hopeful for personal appearance next ! people live longer than pessimistic people. ''Part of being is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward.''~#NelsonMandela Pretty sure I just got 3 questions on my test right. Guess that's 3 more than nothing. Finally feel like I'm getting somewhere with all of this, I couldn't be happier yeah, according to them, I'm going straight to hell If you try the best you can, the best you can is good enough I choose the Direction. How about you? I have so many things I want to accomplish this summer. Hopefully I will achieve these goals! So far en route to Devon I've seen Deathton and Coffinsworth... Bad news, Bad news Everywhere! Sucks but I've been getting bad news all my life. All I can do is look for a different solution. Busy day, lots of new listings plus my website to keep up on...It get tedious but it will pay off :-) do something today that your future self will thank you for.. - Now 6 weeks in. Surely this weekend is going to be the weekend. Excellent night with the lad and his mum. Now get the lad to bed and then get his mum to bed!!! Global meeting conference went surprisingly well. Definitely room for internal growth. I know this is going to be the best summer yet. Excellent night with the lad and his mum. Now get the lad to bed and then get his mum to bed!!! good luck Sometimes it is so damn hard to stay but I'm not ready to give up not yet, because my is so much stronger than my let's try our best though! No matter what the challenge try and be :) I feel we can beat bayern in the final Just done a late shift and working a Saturday on a bank holiday weekend - would be hell for most but I do love my job! Wonder whether the new everton fans for the wkend will feel what it is like to be a blue On my way to the studio! probably busy preparing for their own Grammys tribute night with all the medical advice what we want most is to talk to other families who have gone through it with their kid Something will come of this. I just feel it!! Beyond ready to be happy. Birthday month starting off on a bad foot but hopefully next week will bring things back to normal Many thanks to our latest backer Petter! Fingers crossed we can reach our Red&amp;Black backpack stretch goal Tonight is 's worst nightmare.... More hockey and Minnesota sports fans!!! bro it's a fruit smoothie now. I just used Shazam to discover Pompeii by Bastille. Chinese food and sushi tonight! () days getting better from this morning but that's the way the world works :) tx e hoa Calling himself SuperMaoriBoy right now lol what a fabulous attitude. Will stand him in very good stead (along with having a clever mama). Thank You :-) he's braver than I feel tbh said this rangers fan. lol Single but I guess life may get better Keep calm I'm a paramedic - new shirt from my sister. Love it shut down by phone No. 1, immediately calls phone No. 2. Pushing an A in social psych Like, living 2 hours apart next year is gonna suck so hard. But we've done it once so we can do it again Every heart can be tamed with the right woman Took my bandages off today! Kind off a scary step... Not the nicest looking, but it's still got a lot of healing to go! DC is the most most and most economically place in In the back of my mind I don't think he'll ask me out, thats what im thinking :/ But first, lemme take a selfie predictions this week: Man City v Everton 2-2 draw. Chelsea v Norwich 2-0 blues. Liverpool v Crystal Palace 1-2 CP. Car Theft - Ten Great Benefits of Having Your Car Stolen this nigga smart kid tho. Trying to get for the day even I see nothing on my list. Something is gonna happen "Don't let the past bring you down." Hopefully this is a turn for the best 0 for 2 tonight, with the losing. But tomorrow and Sunday will be bounce-back days for both the B's and Wild. Praying for patience, I just want it to work out so bad Taking a leap of faith, putting myself out there. All I can say is that I tried. I'm a little disappointed but aye it'll be fun. I feel like I've made possible future business connects you are sadly or amazingly pending on POV THE MOST PERSON ON TWITTER. Maybe ever need more data on the latter. You won't know until you try. It's okay We will win the World Series AND the Super Bowl... What a difference a year makes. 21 was a rough time, but I'm going to make sure 22 is my best year yet Let it go from is on point lol :-) Optimism is the key :) To all my friends who might be having a tough time. Don't let the bad days ruin you. ZBo got suspended....If it was Tony Allen I woulda say MEM don't have a shot come game 7 You can try the best you can. The best you can is good enough. Working on changing how I view things. Today could be an interesting day, but the sun is out and I'm hoping for the best One day closer to Monday need Everton and palace to win then will win the league! ! Yes I CAN! Good Afternoon! ;) Of course it will! Heartbreak live on Sky Sports! I'm all and stuff today... 14 miles here we come! We play in red, who gives a fuckkkk, we're Cardiff City, and we're staying up!! I've put some crazy bets on super six this week I've even put villa to win at home...! Today is a vest and tiny shorts day Mccormack to score first, 2-1 leeds! I let go of all pessimism and doubt that I will achieve my goals. This is the real deal haha When Gods grace is at work...all things are possible. Can somebody please tell Harris that he is a tad early for his evening meal. He has assumed the position. Running a 5K this morning...so of course I'm up at the crack of Dawn after tossing and turning. Oh well, gonna give it my all! this would be an epic start to my day. I'll hold off on breakfast to see if I win Just arrive Mad Stad! I am buzzing! On the way to west ham to do the triple over the yids Sky Sports are gunna look so stupid when Blackburn nip 6th place and they don't show it haha naa next season we will actually beat you! Yes I'm sick, looks like I'm dying but in my mind I'm still super normal Tomorrow I'll be ME. I'll show you! If Pritchard gets even a minutes game time we'll have a 200 mil bid from madrid within a week Be - a positive attitude gets you far! i would call him/her an nt Championship coupon on for 9 grand Gonna be a good day even though I gotta work! I'll be surprised if I make it past leg 1 Hmmp ! As as I am , I can't fade have had my of doubts , but we shall if Man U beat Sunderland 13-0 then we could move out of the bottom 3 Spurs continue the tradition of letting the opposition score first... 3-1 win for Spurs? true, but we'll all be friends when we win I'm really hoping in the next month things will be changing for the better ! Phil jagielka FGS everton 3.1 win 570/1...love it if it came in! Wakie time Selfie &lt;3 Happy Saturday &lt;3 2-0. So Sherwood will be gone, and we won't be in Europa pending United's results. I don't understand the negativity? Weill I'm sorry if my spelling offended you I'm going to go and watch my team beat a pub football club now Did I really think I'd revise on the train? Sheesh everyone at the office is in a bad mood. I'm just here like good morning Now all my dreams are about a post apocalyptic world. The good news is that so far I haven't turned into a zombie. The glass is half full! judging by this season that would put them 1 point of 8th? Rise n grind! Going to be a good day If we win all our remaining games,we get into the Europa league! If you can find beauty in times of despair, you've found reason in life. Not many ups but so many downs this season for Leeds, roll on next season TOO to be doubtful, TOO to be fearful, TOO to be defeated. Today's going to be such a great day :) Huntelaar will score a hat-trick. 4/10 on the acca so far My legs pain... Could be a sign that I'm growing taller. Steve Mildenhall is going to do a Jimmy Glass - fear not. That moment when you suddenly feel so optimistic about the future... The future is full of possibilities :) Saturday morning rain.... I'll just standby and await the return of our sunshine. Feeling and i got something on my head, LFC will win the League. hoping my raffle ticket is a bit sticky on your fingers when time to draw! ;) Could have been worse I guess Get ready for a very busy summer at ER! If got a strong feeling our starting 11 Next season will av 1 or 2 Italians in it! Today should be a good day wearing a VERY appropriate shirt right now. I'm trying to be happy. Come on Norwich, lets win the last 2 games and stay up! At least im done at 5 today Lets pray looses the next one again and wins both, we play :) Loved that match! Let's hope next season we can win the league! hey Liam! IF the "rumors" r true mayB u 2 cld connect after all the madness settles down n start fresh :) luv u It's okay to make mistakes, we all do. But what's important is to learn from them and work on being better Good solid performance today villa, lets try and finish this season on a high. Last night. So happy. :3 Despite being relegated I'm gonna win the lottery later :) but tryin to be more There may have been another 'dressy shorts' purchase today if city win today, likely liverpool will slip up tmoz, city are more likely to have a strange slip up at home The weekend can only get better Were gna win the league haha ! "It is better to be an optimist who is sometimes wrong rather than a pessimist who is always right." SAT was hard, but nowhere near as hard as hard as I thought Just watched the movie any good energy is good for progress Lukaku get in!!!!!! Too early to hope for a 4-3 finish?! sometimes v win n sometimes v learn Ohwell shame couldn't get an equaliser. They never were going to score a last minute equaliser which is a handball. So Liverpool's goal difference is 9 worse than City. We play Palace on Monday. We beat them 9-0 before. If liverpool win by 10 goals in both remaining games we could win the league It's time to make more changes in my life. GONNA BE GRADUATION BUDS. When are they actually? Wow , Simpsons are going to have a Lego episode Its still in our hands! Hamiliton scored 10 today chasing goal difference so why cant we? Waiting to see if we can get on board to Boston from Orlando. Hats of to the lovely and helpful JetBlue staff. In serious need of being cheered up. Can't believe how horrid today has been. Here's to tomorrow being better I got today for the ... Let's hope it pays off! Put a tenner on rovers to get in the play offs February suck with 2 game leads Another Saturday just chillin by myself. Atleast I don't have to deal with drama 35 minutes. Maybe it hasn't been seen yet. Companies Exhibit Optimism at Chamber Business Showcase if wintergreen is open May 8 it will be with snowgolf last 20 mins seriously pls can u consider a recording replay starting at 2 a.m? If plays well, the pacers should be back in business! Head is pounding &amp; i'm ridiculous warm! Early night for me! Lots to do tomorrow! The only love I really believe in is the love a mother has for her child. Recently ive been and that holds true. of better things to come. Life .... Aaand this one to 100 likes and 30 revines? would be amazing to see Fleetwood in league one!! Best wishes with the three games upcoming BUT THE RACE ISN'T OVER YET. i can't remember the last time i was this motivated and excited about anything!! Didn't want to ruin the quote. I am the type of classy that upon seeing a drowned fly in his wine goes "I need a fork... this is good wine" Hope everyone has a lovely weekend:) That text really turned my day around, big things are coming It's amazing how a short conversation can entirely change your outlook on things This water is always moving towards the shore, it reminds me how our lives are constantly moving forward. I can only hope this next year of my life goes better than the last. man cheer up and be more I am too to be doubtful, too to be fearful, and too determined to be defeated. that's exactly what u should do... Be a7md 7amd the verson... On Being Are We More About Ourselves Than About Our I'm on a rollercoaster that only goes up, my friend. Things we be if they are meant to be.... "Laura by the time you get married I'll be 65 and need Botox" encouraging words from my mother might be lost in the post Good sign for the 12th pick in the draft. Can't wait to watch take out the MasterchefNZ title tonight haha I don't think you all believe! have miadana at 7s for tko ot ko I will always believe if God can see me to it, He will see me through it. The key is to be We jus bought 2 rooms full of furniture for a house we don't even own yet. In 2004 the won over 100 games and were a .500 team through April and most of May. So the Ducks lost... but I'm sure they'll do better next time :) good game Smh...damn...tonite sux....been having tha shittiest bad luck all fuhkin' day....well at least my haircut looks DoPe lol There are good ones still out there... It's just they are preoccupied. Oh well... I'm a people person :-) Ending a long chapter tonight. Kinda bittersweet. Looking forward to starting the next one And the weekend is over ! Cheers to new week Photo: Good Morning. Cheers to the AWESOME WEEK! Good Morning. Cheers to the AWESOME WEEK! trying one of those no heat over night curl things using a head band For some reason, missing my alarm doesn't phase me because I justify it with "god wanted me to sleep" as I go back to sleep.. Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow. If you always look at the negative things in life you will never be happy. whatever i saved money for edc... Am about to give and his pals a midnight snack, hopefully he will let me have a lie in. We still have a chance of winning the league if Liverpool and City lose their two matches and we beat Cardiff. :$ fuck that shit in the long run well have the last laugh :) Closing on the new house should be next Fridaybeing proactive and starting to pack now. :) So all geared up. Weighed myself and ready to start today I swear not being able to sleep at night ever is just preparing me for a job working the night shift Honestly think about it.. There's 3 weeks of school left! Wake up every morning excited to have one less day 70mm of rainfall overnight and JUST IN TIME FOR MY ROAD TEST 11 runners my mistake, hoping for 4 winners after our weekend! 10-0 tonight and the dream continues! Wonder how much Flanagan 10-0 would pay I've been studying for 10 hours and I'm 100% sure I'm gonna fail my final tomorrow Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality. | Last day of the bank holiday weekend! Do you think there'll be sun today? If this final is anywhere NEAR how hard it's practice problems are, then our whole class is seriously screwed Today won't be bad I just don't like waking up early onto the referencing at 10:00am. Target is to finish by 11.. I still laugh when ever I open my cupboard and see I packed in 2 vests to the UK.... Money used to come in illegally but now this shits forreal Gotta earn every penny and start investing for the future Yeah, I'm hoping it's going to become clearer at some point?! Happy Monday!!! Here we are again at the beginning of a new week! Let's make it a good one!! yes lad let's hope more though! Try level the goal difference up! Haha Ok then let's have a 6-0 today and 8-0 on Sunday. Need some ? Listen to the soundtrack. You'll feel ready to do battle. Finally tendoeschate gets a chance. I'm going for a repeat of the famous 9-1, just without the 1 Optimism doesn't mean ignoring the negative. It means "You cannot stop the waves but you can learn to surf." Jon Kabat-Zinn Things are turning around for the better! hey boys can u win Bledisloe back in 14 ? 11 seasons in a ire without B = ? seek and you shall find Awks when nan asks what my big sister, got me for my bday.. Well you got one up on me haha its all quite straight forward looking at the sample questions tbh lol My heart goes out to those who think the DA will win the national election. haha nah I would love to see CJ get another goal to boost his finishing confidence! And Dann to power in a header should have brought a brolly Everyone's all grouchy bc it's Monday. I'm just happy it's one less Monday to deal with.. :) On the plus side, I guess this means bigger budgets for security teams and maybe someone will listen when they ask for changes. you guys might have cost me my A, but oh well. C's get degrees. Will be done with two really difficult finals in 15 hours. I've learned that one painful heartbreak doesnt mean shit because there's loads more in life to be happy and lively about. If I fail all my finals at least I've made some serious progress in candy crush this week If we're going to be (per your other tweet), I suspect more than one guy was fired over this. We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan Even on this gloomy day, I don't think anything can bring me down! somethings telling me that ull b having the last laugh today :/ lets see Im booking flights now for the final reserve me a ticket got you a seat on plane for way back! I bring my books to my finals because what if they make it surprise open book Revenue law is shit, law is shit, revision is going shit Thinking of all the good things happening in my life right now. Hold on, be strong, keep pushing through the rough patches in life, because eventually pain ends. Going with 6-0 tonight, Suarez Hatrick, Skrtel, Gerrard and Sterling let's see how well this goes. At least cockroaches don't bite Prediction: will make their typical massive run in the 2nd half. The storyline of their run so far! I'm sensing a good summer ahead of me James: life is like a car. Once you drive off the lot you start decaying and dying. Choosing to be happy is not always easy but worth it... I just wish others would get it take a nap. Things will look better tomorrow. I always try to see the positive side of things. I will get my Ashton Irwin follow today. I may fail all my finals, but my room has never been so clean Honduras just gave their squad for the World Cup! Change scares me...but sometimes you just have to get used to things and look up. Tried and failed. Tomorrow is a new day filled with new possibilities. With everyday that passes I'm regaining confidence in myself who knows maybe I will smile by myself again so much love for my friends. i have a feeling this is going to be a great summer This summer is going to be different. Really want to know already. Ms back to .500 and have won the past 6 of 7 Praying this works out :) My order of Taiwanese soccer jerseys allegedly shipped out today. Now I can only wait 2 see what I really get No rest for the wicked. Back to school tomorrow but this week was a great preview to what summer has to hold looking at quotes never fails to put me in a good mood &amp; know everything is gonna be okay. excited for bigger &amp; better things :) woke up wearing friday's socks Plant lots of thoughts and hope will climb the walls of your mind. Let Go &amp; Let God... He's got something great in store for me... I just know it Ignore that last tweet lol. Tube strike cancelled and had an extra long bank holiday weekend. This week is going to be fine ;) Tensed but not afraid ...I know i'll crack it ! Up late trying to figure out a way to get to it... My fam is depending on it Nothing can ever change my good mood today Ideal sounds for such a morning of light and fluffy clouds Glory of Love by Bill Broonzy you mean we're half good? Feeling lost, but everything's okay As least the library is so fucking cold that I am forced to stay awake anyways chill villa guna win lol ...#gutted !! my goal is to possibly have a full draft done by tonight Wish there was some warmth with the sun today If beat 7-1 again, like they did before, then that goal difference wont look too healthy! Booking off day after World Cup final. There's one more twist left to the title. I'm sure of it. never do things the easy way. Aff the drink for 10 weeks 14 points dah dapat oyeahh Physio sessions have started with a bang! Two sessions in a day plus extra efforts at home, I'm sure I'll be running soon. Booked the last 2 weeks off the World Cup as holiday. You know? Just incase a miracle happens Which is why I've really been trying to change my outlook City should be dropped points for breaking FFP Money for planning has taken us this far. We are seeking wider opinions before moving forward later this year. haha well only time will tell Just finished failing a maths exam. Now an hours revision before I fail psychology. Home this weekend got a few things to sort and play cricket, hope all goes well Yesterday sucked. But on the bright side today cant be any worse than that! well, there's always a few good people that somehow stays around though. Let's start with good vibes &lt;3 maybe today won't be so bad after all. Being content with my life is the best decision I've made in a while If Brittany Spears can get through 2007, I can make it through these last few weeks of school. Putting on piz buin because I love the smell On the subject of my chemistry ISA I can handle one more week with this kid in my economics right? Fuck the league stevie g, We'll win the World Cup for ya All this football banter today is mad, I really hope villa or west ham pull something off this week. Aguero is out for the villa game tomorrow!!! So that means we'll still get 0 points out of the game.. Last tweet raises a good point, hope we reach indigenous equality with the rest of Australia Good news about reduced agriculture is the development of Jetson style food capsule Atleast I'm a cute boyfriend. today If you are talking about Saturday, 20% of rain = 80% of no rain! The end of something good is the beginning of something great. Today is gonna be a great day. I can feel it. You are valuable and irreplaceable. If you are ever told otherwise... do not believe it. for the kindness of others Competition is more, but opportunities are also more Ready to ace these two finals today. Agbonlawhore to run riot tomorrow? And then Carroll and Downing to go beat mode on Man City after? "It's impossible to be unemployed our whole lives." - wise words of Can you please promise me that you won't have any guests from that crazy show today? Remember to stay positive! Good things happen to positive people!! Life is about taking chances and paying it forward! Not many get to say they love their job :) who would ignore a great person like you? I'm sure they're just busy! make sure they leave room so u can add the other star for next year aha! yeah I know right. was going to wear shorts today too maybe a bit to Hopefully only on this work schedule for another week... I think it's a good decision but only time will tell once he's on ice with the boys. It's crazy how walking into this treatment center the last three weeks made me realize that most people here puts in a smile. today is the first day of a new beginning Plant lots of thoughts and hope will climb the walls of your mind. I decide every morning that I'm going to have a good day. sure one day my day will come too Maybe van gaal can bring out the best of zaha I guess I'll continue this job search since I don't have to worry about school assignments. Student talking about his senior thesis paper: "I touch upon this in my book...not my book..." Big Day Tomorrow..Wish me Luck :D :D imagine if they're both unreal and win us the league next season Praying that I pass this final . If not I did my best so not going to beat myself up about it. I hope Jakupovic has the game of his life tonight. Always thought he had the quality when I've seen him play before... Its happening soooo slowly but its actually happening.And I wish someday hacktivist wont be persecuted. As you age, you'll begin to realize that it isn't all about how u start, it's about how u finish. If Brittany Spears can get through 2007, I can make it through this last hour of work. Might not fail pre calc final now wayne gretzky as the president of the caps and then mark messier as the gm I could get used to that GIVING UP IS NOT AN OPTION! let alone score first I've got him to score 3 Do you have a outlook on your current set of circumstances? thoughts produce amazing Is it safe to take the snow brushes out of our cars yet? however, everytime 1closes, another 1 opens! in as long as you keep your head to the sky, you can win. Every day may not be good, but there is something good in every day Wide awake. Dreaming with open eyes. Maybe at least 1 thing will work in my favor "Wherever you go, no matter the weather, always bring your own sunshine" :) Just been wondering. Can I reach 500 followers by the time my birthday ends tomorrow? Tell yourself "I refuse to except the of defeat! lol..who added Suarez? IMO- Reus= Kun. Come on Pre- season starting again for my lads again next week, new players, new ideas and new captain soon too. Looking forward to it Like to think millions of people are looking back at this tweet from the future because I've become famous I'll be there to bring the class hahaha you will be great :) Result tomorrow, good crowd at ER on Saturday and the mighty Killie are staying out of that playoff place!! It's all about the bright side. Remember everybody you've already done 30% of this exam oh it's starting in 4 weeks but i'm concentrating on when its over!! :) 3 finals down, 3 to go. current goal is reteaching myself a year of calc material in one night I would be crying from that math final if it wasn't summer. I think if he does anything regardless I'm gone... Still Can't even contain my excitement for the blessings &amp; opportunities that are headed my way. management will draft a grammar school player this year they are such forward thinkers Today was actually a pretty good day. Everything happens for a reason. 36 Percent of Small Business Owners Feel Optimistic Do You? Be even during the struggles of your Press forward and keep moving. You will come out ahead in the end. ha. For awhile I thought no one wanted anything. a weight has lifted off my shoulders ;) Some people might see 3 weeds but I see 3 wishes! I wanna do something tonight! I can't wait to see everyone come back from college and have an awesome summer One more day till the begins! Feeling man I thought they had a chance!!!! Smh or nah!!! series is over!!!! Shut up Kelz!!!!! I just wanna be around some one whose and in control! Last day of freshman year starting tomorrow after my exam... it's going by too quick already! Well summer then football season! My night was working with Samuel Hirsch on his fine arts sermon for Saturdays competition in Waupaca. We need to win 9 in row and get back on track and over. 500 now Everything always works out.. no matter how stressful it may seem, it'll all turn out. Everything happens for a reason. One more final to go!!! But gotta wait till Thursday..blah! maybe Devon come back to give you ur stuff cause guilt finally got to her. She gonna be mine sooner or later And they are for me currently! Still eating Life cereal in hopes of actually getting a life.... Only if I get a job in the next few days.. 15-13 run by the Blazers. That stat makes me feel a lot better, hawks have lost 1st away game of every series since 2010 Ahhh this day is finally over! Ready for the long road to recovery Everything happens for a reason Same battle. With the same person. But on different days. Always the same result. Lets see how it goes today.. I'm convinced that it will work. Maybe not now but eventually God Bless You and Hell save Change is good especially for someone you care about just makes the decision easyer . Had a nice and started to work out again, feeling for the day ahead! :) Well, final chance to improve my scores, to sucessfully get atleast a 5 in physics! Love midweek games ready to beat man city later thanks guys! here's hoping if everything goes well I'll make it to last med of the year... Nothing is impossible with HIM! Feeling quite optimistic this morning. I know, doesn't sound like me ? I don't know how we got here, but I am enjoying the present looking forward to the future and never looking back to the past. My dream right now, would be for work to call and say they dont need me in. Don't think it's going to happen.... I am the eternal optimist .... Cha cha cha !!! But still, there is progress. I'm really learning a lot. Today's gonna be a good day I can feel it Is it bad that I'm already thinking about my speech for graduation...for grad school? It's a new day, time for a fresh start! 1 exam failed 3 to go AP Calculus Exam this morning. Today's gonna be a good day Today is going to be a great day. rub it in. Just had my second exam, needed about 10/15mins more on it :/ hopefully won't of done too bad Starting to get some of the change I need! We'll see where the rest of this week goes. Starting my today! Lets this how this goes Graduation email through! Can I go dress shopping yet?? Some people want to clip your wings and keep you grounded...sorry...but you'd have to catch me first ;) I think today's the day ..... Just because you can do something, doesn't mean you should. And just because you can't, doesn't mean you shouldn't try. inch by inch we're moving closer .. SEASON 5 :) Even when things aren't going your way it could always be worse. Negative emotions can harmfully effect our body - pessimist tend to not cultivate positive actions like exercise. Be today! I'll see you at Bukit Jalil, EA. I'll see you there for the FA final! ) Trying to remain despite a broken leg/ankle isn't too hard...focus on the small triumphs. I don't let the world change my attitude of things, only take the lessons to make me smarter and better .#AlwaysHappy thanks brother, I have a feeling that I'm going to do just fine So ready to leave for college and start my new life! Okay Twitter peeps. Does anybody have any good news they'd like to share? Realising that waking up every 2-3 hrs every night for years is not normal may be the best thing to happen in a long time. When she makes a new insta account! that's the sign fam a sing she's playing hard to get always hope Hoping for a better day the in me gives out way too many sometimes you just gotta let it "ok, will be skyping in to tonight's "Addressing Poor Internet Connectivity" meeting Either way I'm going to Ny Starting on this thing, put an order in today got my detox plan thing through 36 Percent of Small Business Owners Feel Optimistic Do You? via One day away from striking gold in the draft Don't think Lib dens have fully grasped the idea of bar charts Happy to be taken care of so well by my boyfriend. Having him by my side at Purdue makes life a heck of a lot easier. I have some size 3s you can borrow? Running or walking shoes though?! Can't wait to watch Villa beat City tonight! Lord have mercy. I have 5 A's, 2 more grades to go. Just finished my test for math class need two more so I can pass the class no worries hun. I'll get you out one day ;) Leaving Stetson for the last time. Starting a new chapter in my life! thanks for a great year Why do I have a weird feeling that I think villa can cause a massive upset tonight and beat city I'm still hopeful I will feel normal at some stage in the near future. But if you close your eyes, does it almost feel like nothing changed at all. always look for the silver lining in every tough situation Completed a huge short term goal &amp; hit a major milestone in my life Revision is so boring, I have no motivation, but I want 3A* Time to wrap up here and head for home. Hope the trains are running ok. Also hoping for a table to work at... Reckon City will lost tonight Today sucks. So did yesterday. And tomorrow probably will too Great remarks from Kim Brandt (senate finance committee minority staff). Plain language about the state of the Senate! had a good class though... A thought could ruin a day, but a smile or hello from someone could make it much better Not sure how that went. Just gonna stay positive. -Don't be stupid trying not to be stupid Uh...ok? horror movie or project w/ potential Reckon there will a red card tonight that will give villa a chance Peralta is doing work with men on base! 10 hits but only 2 runs! There's an upside to those bad numbers Keeping that head up and pushing. Its been said that, people tend to be more accurate, but people live longer. Very happy lately and I know I will be for awhile. Is this torture worth it I do hope so. Watching for a miracle COME ON VILLLA Awaiting the call to bat Arley Hall season Photo: Stand and Should I be and start the ? It is to... It's like ill meditate on my dreams &amp; God responds almost immediately!! and With these squads i cant see anything other than a 5-0 smashing delivered by Lambert's mighty lions Great games coming up tonight! Everyday from 1155 to 1159 i sit in Philosophy praying my professor doesnt walk through the door! A gem from Charlie last night and a quality start from Cole today make me Villa to win 3-2, fiver on. Shine bright like a Weimann Ya know, i have a good feeling about tonight, we're going to tie the series up Being optimistic does not mean you won't get sad, it simply means you do not plan to linger there long! Come on! The mighty villa! :D Thought villa had got it out of their own half then I've gone for 2-2 final score!! &lt;=== is always considered an outcast in certain circles &amp; I always ask why? Guess I'm not dope enough...maybe one day I will be Good half, the signs are there that it ain't city's night, won't fall for them Not graduating with my friends will be very painfull Got some good news today!! Lord knows I want it!!! City are just toying with us here aren't they.. going to come out and score about 7 and laugh at us Stay positive peeps!!! Happy Hump Day!!! so full of hope ! Any suggestions on speed dating in Getting bored of online dating now, I am getting nowhere So hit me up!! :) Theres the dream over, ah well at least we got champions league don't need to Swansea will beat Sunderland and Norwich will be arsenal 16-0 This day is a day from my best days ever .. Today will be an absolutely great day Day 8. Handwriting. An ode to coffee. Yayaaa to rass but a rass goal. Somehow I fell on the front lawn. Hopefully, I won't have to call life alert or anything. Pretty comfy down here. Yaya Toure..wow wow wow!! swap for Cleverley?? the sun is somewhere shinning even when it rains carol to score in the 89th min haha CITY. Call me I still don't think it's over breaking my heart :( or maybe he is just trying to throw everyone off! On a good note, deciding 2 have a good day made a difference. I enjoyed a productive day. This morning I was aiming to leave Uni by half three, so I'm only seven hours late... Does it ever end up that no one is bullshitting on Catfish? Do people ever end up in love, happily ever after, orrrr...? I have 21 more school days with kids...and this week is my last normal schedule week. That quiz was a big confidence booster! Interview Saturday. I look so good in a suit. Maybe they will give me the job based on that Oh and see u in the A! I've been down before but still kept looking up Well at least the glass is more than Half Full Search for happiness, even in the worst situation.. Every time I sign a for something I'm not very about its success, but sometimes I'm pleasantly surprised. Thank You GOD for giving me yet another yet another year to live.. I give YOU back all the glory and the honour!! You did the to do list, that's something Thankful for my friends and coworkers who keep me smiling! :) "See the opportunities for adventure, not the constraints that get in the way. Some good shit is happening in my life. Arghhhh long chat about the same old thing. Hopefully we'll get somewhere this time Sometimes I just want to cry.... But then I just go to sleep and feel refreshed in the morning! What a crappy first day home hoping it gets better Good morning everyone! Have a great day ahead What was your good today?! at least when you're dead you won't have a curfew ReShoutout to for being to most supportive girlfriend of the day You know what, I'm just going to walk into that AP Lit exam room tomorrow and give it every single thing I got. MAYBE IT ISNT OVER. Trade him! When I wake up tomorrow, everything will be different... and better. Really hoping things start looking up 2014 you have not been good to me so far weathering storms and waiting for the sun to come back. Staying I will be buzzing off my tits tomorrow if this comes through! I'm getting there...thx..I have no other goal than to live a great life &amp; kick some ass while I'm doing it LOL 