But thank God I'm not one of those people who are mad or had a bad day,&amp; take it out on everyone the calm before the storm . . I luv sitting in my office by myself... Need a night of being pampered and looked after.. Relaxation is needed.. Chilled evenings for a while. goodnight lovelies xxx YES! I'm taking a shit at work and all the lights turned off in the bathroom. Part of my routine, 4 mile run... I love just being in my own little bubble ignoring everyone and not saying a word :) Went on a long journey Its a rainy day! Hooray! Great way to finish the week! gonna get a nice night lift in tonight No other place quite like this seat infront of my fire car alarm beeping, husky from next door starts howling, and obnoxious construction going on outside my window I love my backyard from the ranch. Just finished Child of Light. Awesome game, beautiful looking and love the music. Just gonna leave the game running and sleep I can't wait to do some fishing in a couple weeks, nothing more relaxing My favorite part of Belton best place to clear your head Sitting Out Here With Chey Relaxing Quiet please, meditation in session. Walking around my neighbourhood at this time of night and it's surprisingly quiet. love the sound of waves. The road less traveled. looks so from afar. Remember this? "Those who make change impossible, makes inevitable. and are equal &amp; opposite. Some drunk homeless native just yelled and jumped at me I'm so excited to be home alone for the next 3 days The river is angry my friends. Robert E. Lee Memorial Bridge Glorious morning sunrise glowing in South Africa the fact that the puppy has been sleeping for almost an hour is making me so happy I started spring courses today..campus is much quieter this time of year Tabaret Hall - It's raining so hard outside! Love it At night everywhere is so still that's how want you to live your life Break from work. National Gallery Of Art Sculpture Garden Every morning begins with me yelling calm the fuck down to my whistling teapot Beautiful waves in the sky. There's no love like a love for the ocean. Two more days. Check out the fog lifting over in right now. Laying in a nice hot bath listening 2 the rain fall bec our bedroom window is open so bring on the My at this exact moment. This should help me sleep...the sound of waves. is such an inspirational individual. I may not watch his fb vids all the time, but when I do, I never regret hitting play ohhhh this might make me sleepy! - I Love You: The kind of that makes for &amp; babies Nothing like a little star gazing on the roof to clear your mind in honor of TAKE ME BACK TO THE Bahamas!!!! I want to be on the beach &amp; stuff! Ahh I love hearing Their sound is so and I really love &amp; respect Beethovens symphonies and also Bachs, Vivaldis, Mozarts, Handels, Debussys.. etc.. Listening to tunes outside at night is a regular now I can see why she loves it though. Best part of being home is falling asleep listening to the 401, frogs, crickets, trains and the coyotes Time for an early swim Nothing like late night country drives and loud music. much needed after a longass day de vaga. Lying in bed listenin to good tunes Might seem like a city boy but I fickin love livin in a town where I can hear nothin but crickets and frogs at night Great job, keepin' your lettin' Great job, keepin' your lettin' Great job, keepin' your lettin' Great job, keepin' your lettin' Picture perfect walk at Tarn Hows, Lake District What about this; For each protester murdered by government one or must die View on the way back down to - stunning! stacyPDX: Solitary Reflection ~ Stacy Young Art ~ View above Tarn Hows, Lake District Candles lit, pjs on, pups snuggling, music on low! :) I love the quiet of nighttime I like living in a ranch. Time to get the day going, can't stay here all day Al Muneera, Al Raha Zoning out the world &amp; trying to get my head right. Dans Surf Report on ! I just want to sit at a coffee shop and read a book.. looks lovely. Like secluded country walks In the still of the night Best part of being home is falling asleep listening to the 401, frogs, crickets, trains and the coyotes &amp; Kevin My living room is dope That feeling when you lose yourself in music and nothing else matters. The other side of Bora is where I wanna be hahahaha :) What When Where Why Daily Edition: rights as described by the (United Nations), Article 20 -Everyone has the right to of assembly love driving at this time of night. I wish the roads were always this empty Driving early in the morning when it feel like you're the only one on the road and all you can here is the radio.. Take a depth breath Top Of Mount Batur Its 6am watching the sunrise over the campus what more could you ask for. I really do love this place. Seeing a Syracuse sunrise on one of my last days here is only fitting Watch this group of students and parents led by Betsy Sawyer promote a more world. The parks here are just... Airplane mode is the one I like being up at this time There is always a balance in our lives. It is impossible to win all the time. Good Morning Everyone Happy Friday!!!!# I can't sleep so I decided to listen to some of my favorite music by the legendary Don Ho. There you go, a bearing youth versus an - that's life in Hate to wake a sleeping baby and the entrance to this special place Life in all its emanationstrees, morning mist, a loving sigh, or meditationis glorious. Carpools so quiet with out no ones said a word since we left breezy Carpools so quiet with out Sunrise at the new old farm house Happy I hope u find the good, remain positive, and have nothing but a day! Enjoy the blessing u have. It's called Waking up to this view every morning keeps me sane Begin your day in such a way. I love campus at this hour life given by him. thank you Gotta love Baltimore... the only one out here... To and of you...a and There's something so therapeutic about the rain. My view at the top of Adlington On the way to work yesterday.. The house is quiet all I can hear is the clock ticking and a black bird singing outside chaan kadhlas ha pic :p I love watching my babies sleep Beauty is and always will be blue skies and open highway. I fell asleep praying the Rosary with my Rosary in hand I love when the weight room is silent The neighbors went out of town!!! I love getting ready in the morning when no one else is home this is currently on repeat in my room... so relaxing... making me want to sleep though! I could sit here all day long with my ass planted in the dirt and back against a tree with my shot gun beside me. There's just something about being on the open road... The is one of the most places in here Love having the house to myself in the morning Music on shuffle and smoking a black outside My thinking place for today...track tomm! Can't wait to race this weekend :) Sitting alone on this beautiful day. Hanging out at this peaceful place at National Gallery of art's garden tenleonor sryiu Looks like is going to be a day. second at its Sitting here listening to the quiet of the room watching my dad napping. I love not having to get out of bed on rainy days. Lets co-create a future together. Sign the Petition &amp; encourage your friends to join. Sometimes all you need is a day in the garden. It's so soothing sleeping with the window open while it's raining Art Print Sea Shower Curtains Home, dog walked and fed, jammies on, food ordered, wine opened, bed....that's my Friday night. and should be a for buildings. Working in the quiet library caf this morning. Loving the rain today, the sound of it is just so Plus I get to pull out my Relax &amp; enjoy your weekend!! Alright time for my walk around my neighborhood. :) The more our understanding, the more we become. Such a beautiful mosque munimali King Abdullah I Mosque Favourite place in the whole world! One day at a time! I think I'll always get tattooed by myself now.. I cherish the time I have when I am by myself Treating myself to a girl day all by my lonesome Lily in her favourite outdoor resting place. It's spring and time for some yard work! A weekend with no technology! Peach paradise A beautiful place Ahhhh total relaxation Church Landing at Mills Falls My new pup is snoring while lying on my feet. So cute. I'm sure you're all enthralled. - Recently finished the course in Naples, FL. was going great until 5 told me I needed to take a deep breath &amp; calm down. Actually, she was right! :) I can't wait to be on the sand and listening to the waves A smile is the prettiest thing a girl can wear. Reading my book while hayley sleeps :) listening to Aderius is leaving me for the weekend after I just got back! Ugh... At least I have the keys! I love the view from my front porch. Gma Anne took a half a day today. Even on the gloomiest days, this is where I find clarity. and the best days are Fridays Listening to music in my garden This is what my day has mostly consisted of 20 Most in the World - High tide and the sun is shining now. So here today. I just want to be home and away from everything Enjoying this beautiful day by having lunch outside escape on my rooftops at night Love b/c it begs us to ask what we can do to live in a more reality w/o the and Loved the little walk around belgrave area. Can't bear to stay in the house for too long. Hard to believe this scene is steps away from park. Surround yourself in the beauty &amp; you will find yourself I live in . This is my . San Another fishing in Arroyo City. be at peace within yourself and to those around you Well that's the little 1 bathed and settled, now I can relax :D Love your simplicity and tranquility like they are your children. Where I get my best thinking done. Walking for an hour with blue with on was just so refreshing Hands down the best part of my job is this Just chillin in the room with music blasting by myself. Have a &amp; on the Insta! Enjoying a relaxing evening in studying. Wishing everyone a and loving spent with close family and friends &lt;3 I don't know why but I really love listening to when it's raining. Afternoon walk by the river. So lucky! Hyde Park holds 1 of my fondest memories, walking through with my friend on a fresh, misty early morning x Sometimes it's just nice to stay hidden away from the outside world for a bit :) Thank you Cherelle! I just got back from a lovely walk around my neighborhood w/my mother. :) Apartment to myself this weekend Ahh, laying in bed listening to music feeling relaxed. No screaming and shouting, just silence Surround yourself in the beauty &amp; you will find yourself YES! I love being home alone I Love my city Art Work right under your nose... Sitting outside on my swing, with the fountain running,reading a book. Cannot put into words how and I feel right now - Sometimes you just need some alone time.. There is nothing more enchanting than one's contented, sleeping baby. bacon popcorn, candles, netflix and blankey at Went for a run :} in the Clove Lake Park I have a cup of coffee in front of me and I am working on a new worship song on my piano. I have everything I need. The sickest spot I went to early!!! I like that idea Krista! I'm loving this job tho - everyone's on lunch and it is quiet. Just chillin in the car with music blasting by myself. These have been the best two weeks! I Love my city Art Work right under your nose... Looking for Sea Glass at the wrong beach. Still beautiful. Poplar Beach Spending my afternoon relaxing with Nemo out in the far pasture A day at the course! has been training workers for a noble cause of whereas others r merely cricketers from Bali Indonesia at black - Although I hate being back on the ship, I love the smell of sea water The basketball court/park behind our new house is so awesome Mr.Green tells me the creek goes right through the campus. If people would be more forgiving then hating we'd all live in a much more and world City view from my hotel room shard Grange Tower One of my favorite places in NOLA. Dans Surf Report is a Brand NEW App, in the App Store but I wish I owned a cabin River Chilln.. Fresh Off Wrk!!! Out Here Im xtra :o) - 20 Most Countries in the - via At Hefner Lake enjoying some beauty by the water Paseo de la Princesa Paseo La Princesa Call me old but I love listening to the birds chirp. Have a nice sleep and tomorrow will be the start of the weekend! My "office" for a little while. Poteet Theatre Weekend get-a-ways are the best!! Couldn't be more glad to have a relaxing movie night The view from our rooftop hot tubs The Grand Hotel &amp; Sat on a tree at the edge of the cliff is a because , may He be glorified and exalted, has called Himself as-Salaam... is a because , may He be glorified and exalted, has called Himself as-Salaam... This is not the way I expected my weekend to start, but enjoying the quiet time The office bathroom in Visser's house is the best place to take a dump Nothing better than late night drives blasting the music! Love sitting beside my grandmaws hospital bed just watching her sleep Truly learning and appreciating what God means when He closes one door and opens another! She disappeared on me and I found her curled up on the couch like this Having a nice elegant family dinner at the mall... Let's just sit and watch the sunset Happy Friday evening from the ranch! Take a step back and enjoy the view. hike in my 'hood. So what I needed. Washington National Cathedral Was a good day to run some barrels! The blessings of God are endless "bet your window's rolled down &amp; your hair's pull back. and I bet you have no idea you're going way too fast" I enjoyed my day off today! So glad I'm taking this mini vacation on the ocean before my finals Feeling lucky to live in freedom is not enough. Take action to help those who need you. Haven't had the house to myself in a looooooonnnnggggg time. I honestly love walking around campus Those who make will make The Atlantic makes the sweetest sound. Latest experiment. Finally have it wired up, still some work to do. This is becoming &amp; At -- On a beautiful hike! Driving in the highway at night is easily one of my favorite things Took this at Peguche Falls I can't wait to go back!! The perfect wind down after a noisy day is a quiet walk with this guy. I love how the guitar sounds :) Bosses watch satellite tv and satellite radio 30,000 feet in the air Nothing better than sitting on my porch with my snuggy Thor's on... So I'm still up while the family sleeps Those who make will make Running while watching the sunset I miss it so bad I wish it was raining It's actually not bad just sitting in my truck on a back road listening to Eric church Relaxing at the pool on the beautiful day. It's a beautiful day... There is nothing like chillin on the beach with a great book. Now they are here! You Will see how Little you wanted anything... I swear this place feels like heaven Coolin at the pool on this beautiful day! I just watched the clouds completely clear the sky, they moved so swiftly to reveal every star in sight. On the road with only the radio for company 3 very relaxed police for 2000 protesters. Must be rally! Cabo has my Royal Solaris Los Cabos Another beautiful sunset with the moon so far off. Love b/c it begs us to ask what we can do to live in a more reality w/o the and Sitting by the fire with my love on a cool Spring evening. Wine in hand and warmth all around. Sometimes the best nights are the ones where you lay in bed and do nothing Train was delayed so I had some time to think Picknick table by the canal behind lake house wit a drink in hand! The new addition to our backyard! Just jammin out on my ukulele and watching the wind blow tonight. Endless Evil (Pruitt County Mystery Series) My new room has me feelin some type of way If give anything to have my piano here. I miss playing.. sleeping in my sisters bed brings me a sense of peace this is what baseball in May is about. homeawayfromhome At the creek! by joelnutter Late night drives are so relaxing Getting ready to take a dip sitting by the fire with the puppy Good Night Moon!!! Happy weekend to all FUL I'm so happy with the way my life has turned out in the past few months! I'm in a good place! So I definitely need to go camping sometime soon. A night under the stars sounds on point right now thought of you when I was eating my m&amp;ms &amp; Candles lit and easy listening music on. Pretty good end to my Friday I've never seen the subway so yet so 6:30AM This was such a start Late night boat ride soundtracked by Sam Smith.. The sunrise today is 2 beautiful 2 miss chai tea &amp; movies for the night By the falls of Mt.Banahaw Mt. Banahaw I think I could just sit in my car all night and think about everything Listening to the wolves howl Never underestimate the power of solitude and crisp spring night air! So good for the soul! The sound of crickets puts me right to sleep! Well. Time for bed. So much on mind but it's all good ya know? Like traveling and fluffy cats and friends. I have a nice life. Right now the beach would be amazing. What a beautiful day of fishing! I love falling asleep to the sound of rain It's been forever since I've heard the rain fall in the middle of the night. This time last week we were in Seattle clubbing it up. I wanna be where you are This is the most night I've had in a very long time. Laying on the couch watching movies without a worry on my mind! Y'all don't know how relaxing it is to lay in the bed pitch black playing the guitar. For in those who make revolution impossible, make bloody inevitable. Go for it Falling asleep to the sound of rain Found a new way to keep Felix entertained - stick on Peppa Pig! He LOVES it! Loving these early morning walks when everyone is still in bed by the falls of Mt.Banahaw Mt. Banahaw just chilling out on my front porch Trying meditation is also a good way to get someone to leave you the hell alone for 20 minutes. Our cabin in the woods New : Is that so? ... Take time to smell the flowers. :) It is increasingly important to me to be a "good" person. Feeling this morning after a session thanks to cbeebies ready to start the This view on the way home! This view on the way home! by jamesdub2313 Those who make will make walking home at 3:30 has a few perks The beach and me :) Take me to the untouched world. North Stradbroke Island What an amazing day at Tillietudlem Almost 4 a.m. and this is when I feel the most tranquil.. I love dawn, and these hours right before. Unplanned plans are thee best. Can you see the smoke? Isle of Wight Coast (near Blackgang Chine) Laying in the dark lisening to the radio so envy ppl who own this view The more and more and we become the more and more the world around us will fill these emotions. I know I'm backwards but I love hearing the birds start to chirp in the morning as I'm falling asleep. Just another day at work...#beautifulday What When Where Why Daily Edition: and the rest of the world that don't have peace? what will they do to those that do? JI joining then we also make DUA that it remains &amp; honnest, especially for all the locals overthere Not many trotting around downtown at this hour. I watch the sun set and rise everyday at work at 530am is so and Drifting off to sleep while the morning birds chirp outside my window.. Second to rain. My favourite place on the farm when the suns out Back in Beauvoir-en-Lyons. Gotta love the countryside. Something very therapeutic, sitting in the sun watching riding her pony beaming Love watching my baby sleeping, like a wee proud mother haha! Morning view from my new room. This is an amazing town, Clarens in South Africa Watching the sunrise by myself. Listening to the neighbour screaming at her kid * From what I could see, the CLAC anti-capitalist protesters were mostly in passing their message. I am in the middle of countryside and lake I was outside &amp; there was a breeze &amp; it was cool but the ground was warm. it was nice my Phone was dead but I didn't even mind Everything is green in Epperstone this morning Beautiful views while the dog has a run around Up early hearing the rain hit against the window... One of the bet parts of waking up is hearing the birds outside.... Beautiful views while Lexi has a run around! Get off the dreadmill and get outside runners!!! Sooo good for the mind, body and soul :-) Yoh Lazy for days!!! Just want lie in the sun and sleep! The view from our resort is so beautiful!!! Check out this great site! Soothing Meditation Music Enjoying a peaceful Saturday morning, before everyone else wakes up!! The sound of silence! Kentucky Derby Day make everything a little better Check out this great site! 6 Hours of Meditation London in the sunshine is beautiful Good morning views in the backyard Sat on my own outside tesco waiting for the car to b cleaned What a beautiful view to wake up too! Peaceful place somewhere only we know Laying in sunshine drinking coffee listening to birds sing :) Nothing's like seeing the sun rise. is enjoying the sun a bit too much.... Spontaneous bike ride around the neighborhood in the morning&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; My morning view in the country! the only thing on my agenda today is to leisurely read. Bloc Party, rain, and a morning drive Such a peaceful 10 minute break sitting on the edge of the river, on campus, watching the baby ducklings Waking up before the sun rises to go to work, and getting off when everyone's waking up for their day. Best start to the weekend a with a ready friend:) The less you response to people, the more your will become. Finishing the afternoon on a high :-) Walking the track, clearing my mind &amp;&amp; thinking! Photo : the and the I just LOVE being home alone.. Here you got a picture of the sleeping Miki &lt;3 Imagine a world where lawyers are not money-hungry pigs. Come to North Dakota.... Love love love waking up to an empty house Alone at the kitchen listening to sing by love the song... Coming home from work to a house to myself DC yoga week is packed, hella consumers! vibes Little house in the park. 1katzhao1 Wish I could be on the river with my dad and Brutus this morning. Ahhhhhh, soaking up some rays. My backyard feels like a tropical island 6am hike in the desert. Following that up with a massage and a float on the lazy river. incredible mustread 4 u on &amp; find out why? Went to the bluff real quick to clear my mind it's so Laying down listening to this! Perfect! I love living out in the country Thank you Radha from &amp; for a &amp; start to the day. One of my favorite times of the day... morning coffee time. The Beauty of Gods Earth Fishing with dad on this fine day I really want to go fishing! Who wants to go? Enjoying some and with the playing worship music before the rest of the day gets too exciting Good Morning my RoyaLty CircLe! I'm about to get a quick in AUDUBON PARK before I run my errands! One of my favourites places to be Cause I love the sun &amp; I hate studying for Exercise Physiology Sitting outside my flat, enjoying the cool breeze! Celebrating my day,silently in my head , with this cool breeze :) My Saturday is very relaxing!! Old picture but repost for ... Today I need nothing more than a day at the pond Losing my day in the photo lab is exactly what I need after this week After a good workout, enjoying this beautiful weather! After a good workout, enjoying this beautiful weather! Spent some time with these beautiful people this afternoon! Little Nanna &amp; Grandad! incredible views and a cheeky red kite flying the thermals to boot. Painting is probably the only thing that makes me feel calm &amp; that life isn't so bad Enjoying a lunch in Roland E. Powell Convention Center I'm so ready for a vacation. Amazing place ... Camino Real Sumiya Cuernavaca It's a wonderful feeling not running on a schedule. No where to go, no place to be. house sitting at my work in Hamilton ...something different for a Saturday night just chillin' outside sketching... ... "There is therefore.. No condemnation for those that are in Christ Jesus!" Blasting Gospel while cleaning and cooking. So many dogs and kids at this park! Clear run to the Lakes :-) i really love your soulful voice. OMG stress relieving Its official I live in the country hahaha I'll never get away from it. back to countryside | 05.03.14 | I am because I'm by so many wonderful people. On a few hours of sleep at work n still loving life HD is loving his strolls at his new home What more beautiful place or day for the women's retreat?! Thank you, God! Beautiful sunny days in Eastern Carolina. very very tempted to blow off Gold Cup and stay here forever GM brand new dayhopeloveSoaking in Your glory Lord 24 hour quiet hours WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE Taking advantage of being at the ball park an hour before game time! Reaping the benefits of my sacrifices, I'm just ! 'Meanwhile in Moscow' by legendxcan Nice wee place to spend a Saturday :) Balloch Castle Absolutely beautiful day for a walk, I'm glad I live so close to the Taff trail beautiful pic and and who doesn't love a tadpole?! Sitting on the dock of this particular bay with my babes Beautiful day and weather! Have been driving the countryside playing enjoying :-) Love when she falls asleep in my arms I just love being out in the yard... I like to be alone, and go fishing. Rainy days and bon iver seem to go perfect together Morning devotionals in the park Probably my favourite picture I've ever taken I seriously have been wanting a thunderstorm all day... My favorite spot on campus I studied here with the squirrels today haha. Life doesn't get any better than this. Love taking naps next to the one I love. Enjoying the beautiful weather with the fam minus our 1st born. My view during this peaceful downpour Taking my daughter to the mall. So not in the mood to be w/crowds of annoying people (some definitely are). Where did my day go? After 13.1 miles feels good to sit back and enjoy some R &amp; R Family files charges against with Perfect evening, record player blasting out Barbra and getting some music theory done Can't wait to go to frog alley after work. One of my new fav places to eat On the roof with my blanket and my music. I've legitimately been sitting in my car in my laneway for about 10 minutes watching the rain Saturdays are the best at OBU Our home for the weekend! Sitting outside, listening to the birds. Little baby feet. Have a great weekend friends!!!! sun getting ready to set I wonder if my flat mate is ever coming I hope not....#quiet Yes. And you can run in the middle of the roads and not get hit. roads aren't that clear Falling asleep to the sound of rain with my sliding doors open Chillin, relaxing and gathering my thoughts! Found this little guy outside my office. I named him Terrance. Sitting by the water with my best friend = perfection Sitting watching sun set listening to owls!! Going out for a peaceful spin Morning There's nothing like a walk in the rain It's so nice to relax, I need to get down to the beach more often Praying and counseling - read why this protest is being stopped in Portland, Maine. I reckon i should have been a chef. and hash tag fucking lavvvly stuff. With The sound of rain actually goes really well with studying Went outside and listened to the Spring peepers and saw a rainbow. i love being home alone. out in the middle of the woods! Nothing like an empty theatre! Rave Cinemas Lee Branch Moments like this I love being an aunt sassyazzshari Where I'm studying for finals Always need a walk after I've had a drink! Being in nature is like getting an emotional and spiritual full body massage. Sitting on the front porch and listening to the birds sing. I love being in the silent car listening to the rain falling. Out for a walk during rain periods I could stay here all day. Pic by M. Always my favorite place to go when I want to get out of the house Nothing like those quiet nights at work. Our view for supper Aj's Dock side My phone has been dead since the morning, haha. It takes too much energy to or be constantly ... I'd rather use that to be and Sunsets just put me at peace with the world. In a great place...life is amazing! God's been good to me!! Nap time couldn't get any more precious House to myself , drinkin solo It doesn't get more tranquil... Spending some time enjoying the waterfall. Sitting on of the I scared my babe right here ... I need to get on my noble game. Listening to the waves from our porch Take time to enjoy the nature that surrounds you. Another day finished on the farm Perfect place to end the day. May be stuck at work but at least the views nice Aint trippen on non im my own person fron now on I'm at the house watching the fight. Great ending to a beautiful day. Saturday night with a cup of tea, a blanket &amp; the Laying in my hammock is my new favorite thing The park is becoming my little corner in Martin, TN. &lt;3 Wish I was just laying in the sand feeling the hot sun on my face Boys are in bed. Wife is out. Enjoying some quiet time playing FIFA 14 and an adult beverage. driving at night is one of my favorite things to do Rather enjoyed staying in tonight.. Lead on the sofa watching films all night on my own Smoking this jay outside and looking up at the moon has made my night so much better. You'd never know the quiet town off in the distance is buzzing with tourists. Dark skies, and Bose headphones. Sat outside in my own world. Somethin about listening to while it's pouring rain. I can't sleep I want this fucking blackberry update to stop screwing my phone up brothers not home Think I'll take the long way home and cruise down some dirt roads. Just gonna sit here and watch the stars come out and drink a beer It's just me, my mat, Blogilaties, and some weights. It's nice to have the whole house to myself till Sunday. The streets are so dead at this time. Having a fire by myself because I'm lame, but it's seriously one of the best things I've done in a long time. Wish I was up north by the fire Took my Christmas lights from my dorm room and put them back up in my room Just me myself and I.... Sitting outside in my backyard listening to some Ed Sheehan. :) I'm enjoying having one year off from prom between &amp; In search of: lady friend to go on fun adventures with. La Jolla Shores Tower 32 Bonfire and a mind full of ideas It's official! Thanks to I love playing outside better than inside! That few hours reading the bible, writting, &amp; praying was exactly was I needed This view right now !!! ... Going to play the piano. Don't know why I get in the mood to play, in the late of night. There's nothing like sitting in the blueberry fields of south Georgia watching the stars This pic doesn't do justice of how pretty this sky is the beach! Laying in the dark with just candles burning. Yes I'm drinking and sitting by a fire pit alone...and I'm perfectly fine with that... One of those sit outside and listen to music kind of night. There's nothing better than spending a quiet night at home. Went for a run for a break from studying Just finished drawing now off to bed Sittin on the end of them pier alone thinking. I've had the house to myself since I got home. It's lovely time couldn't get any more precious Buds Bonfire in Indiana with some of the greatest people I've met Late night walks are the best Photo: Good very early Im pumped and ready! my is also... Good very early I'm pumped and ready! my is also ready I can hear the rain from my window This house is so peaceful At least these 2 can sleep! A late night walk is just what I needed I just do a solid 35 cruise all the way home Cuddled on the couch on..one of my fav. movies on! My night in two pictures May your dreams be peaceful tonight My new favorite picture... Miss you like crazy!! I wish I could go back to the beach So nice and relaxing outside So quiet when doing these night feeds I love sitting by a fire in the woods I want to live somewhere where I can walk out my house and just watch the stars for hours at a time. If all else fails, go to the family fire in the backyard. Can't wait to move home! Then I won't have to drive fifteen minutes just to see the northern lights! falling asleep to the sound of the rain Watching Netflix, eating sour patch watermelons, and soaking my feet in this foot spa thing. Eh, I'm not complainin. I just wanna wake up and have my little kiddies around me I'm lying in bed listening to the cock crowing. It's sometimes nice to be awake before the rest of the family gets up. Hearing the waves while I'm in bed &amp; pizza ... Mmm best Saturday night I've had in a loooong time!! Sunday arvo, chillin out watchin the yachts come home. The view I'm dealing with right now breathe taking Love listening to the rain fell outside my bedroom window :-) Feels so nice to finally be lying in my bed &amp; relaxing...showered, AC is on &amp; I have my candle burning My kingdom for the night S k y l i n e Had a nice long day fishing at the lake I thought this was so cute. Spending at the lake. Such a beautiful relaxing place Laying in grass and staring at the clouds. Photo: Reflection Stadium Waterfront, Peaceful! Watched the with my man this morning Sitting in wicker chairs from the 70s outside with Sun across an airbrushed sky. So beautiful.... What my day has been Runs always clear the head A peaceful walk on the beach. katiebierlein My view this weekend &gt; yours {ending my weekend like this} Could've sat in this spot for hours Just took the best nap ever! Oscar And I Are Laying Down Watching A Tree. My kind of night. Relaxing out on the front porch, alone with my thoughts. Today was a great day Split rock with my babe Being at the park on a Sunday afternoon...warm wit a gentle breezee, birds chirping, kids playing, got my water n magazine, oh its Nothing better than a relaxing hot bath and a James Patterson/Mark Sullivan book. Late night drives are my favourite Having a bonfire out in my back yard and watchng people make smores Gotta start runnin more often Nothing like a Lake Huron sunset Enjoying the nice weather on my balcony Watching the sunset over Grace Lake. Love how quiet everything is at this time on a school night. Beautiful morning! I love living here This island so peaceful the dam cops don't carry around guns n tazers not even pepper spray or a night stick Dooder sleep Chevy sleep I'm up all by myself Lovin the sound of this rain rn Waking up next to you is always the best Sitting on the edge of this pier thinking bout life! What When Where Why Daily Edition: of the Lord is your strength and of the Lord is your strength and thanks they did xx all totally out of it this morning, even izzy !! XX you ok ? up to anything good ? XX Beautiful day for a hike ;))) The moment when u walk jalan biawak alone.. Tweet...I love(d) her music. What happened to her? Hope everyone has a great day .. Although rainy .. Dont mean u cant let the sunshine thru . ... Walking in Tatton Park. Knutsford, killing time . Forgot what a beautiful place it is. Sea side is considered as one of the most places. Isnt it ? Come and indulge in a breathtaking experience at Sparsa Kanyakumari On a day like this, you have to find time to just sit in the sun and listen to music If is being under attack by then they shouldn't blame us when we turn There were times when i used to wonder how to pass time, and now am desperately seeking to manage my time. Why can it just not be A peaceful light soothing the soul. It's just a matter of how you look at it Rise and Shine, have a beautiful day! and him friends terrists fire tear shells to force Baloch protestors against BLF Grey morning eating gingercake and sipping green chai latte. So happy to just have a chilled out Monday! Would love to live down the Gower All of my mornings should start with Jesus and the ocean. I am where my soul can breathe. - can't beat the cozy feeling - under the covers best place Jus sit on the deck n look at the water and him friends terrists fire tear shells to force Baloch protestors against BLF and him friends terrists fire tear shells to force Baloch protestors against BLF Had a beautiful float Sunday. and him friends terrists fire tear shells to force Baloch protestors against BLF Loving my life right now The stillness of morning. Home Early morning starts can be so and if you have the time to do so Maybe I should let her sleep How have I never heard of !!? I'm in with the , and / feel of his Kelly says, create a &amp; space Great work man, what a beautiful day yesterday to utilize it Day 1 - Post-workout sunrise and duck watching Mental at today, so we ditched it for Empingham village instead :-) Dog walking up the woods :) Freshly brewed Darjeeling Tea in a fine china cup, on a lovely bank holiday Monday. Epic walk with only me and my iPod for company Enjoying some time in scripture before beginning a day of meetings. Nice place to meet, though! Counting down till I'm off work relaxing 10 days at home doing all the jobs that need doing Post-run and think place before this busy day Home is where the ocean is... dgrad de bleu Rain has stopped and cooling. Mondays like these Cheile Poienii Drinking some hot chai, and studying outside on the porch! :D Those who make will make Gotta love OAA's this week and teacher appreciation day on tues which means free chipolte Having a quiet Monday morning with my coffee and waffles. Whatever happens, let it happen.. The smartest thing I've ever done was tell my kids that butterflies have sensitive ears. yes indeed! I get2 wake up 2 ths evryday Happy Cinco de Mayo from sunny FL. Up there earlier for a walk....lovely oasis within the city :) Definitely looking forward to this walk/stretch time I'm about to take! Coexist is one of those albums I'll be listening to on the plane to Sydney. It's such a nice relief to feel this dead inside. Still obsessed with the song. The ocean is so calm! Up listening to the birds The less you reply to negative people, the more your life becomes. I can't get enough of this place. Sooooooooooooo Perfect mornings consist of a hot cup of coffee, the morning breeze, my laptop, with my doggy sleeping next to my feet Love b/c it begs us to ask what we can do to live in a more reality w/o the and Art Print Sea Shower Curtains Dust to Dust by The Civil Wars on Laying on the beach listening to those waves is just what I needed today! Bank holiday view over near office was closed so I went in at 7am got a load done Can't wait to open up a studio on the beaches of Florida !! Nothing beats a night time doobie adventure &amp; glazing upon the stars. Loving the sound of the rain rite now.... A space at where they push Second hike of the day! I love my state so much! Its completely natural for a girl to want to spark up regardless of what her days been like Lying in the dark listening to is always a great ending to a hectic day. Really love this song for some reason The feeling of being at peace is the greatest feeling of all. Late night drive. To clear my head out all you beautiful May ur night be and ur sleep and Im writing and my phone suggests fuck... Riiiight. This from a phone who always Riding up the PCH watching the sunset It's not often, but sometimes Roger doesn't want momma. Sometimes he really wants his daddy Laying in bed and hear a tractor working ground I wouldn't mind a little slice of that each weekend Spent the past hour mixing. Rebel Base If I don't get to go fishing at least twice a week this summer I will be one unhappy girl. Video: Love the sound of the evening rain. Been home by myself all day. Reminded me of last year. There's very few nights that I don't listen to music before bed Writing.. Drinking.. Listening to music under the stars.. Divain las grutas a esta hora Windows down in the middle of the woods listening to the crickets sing.. This sums me up with just one picture! Key West Nothin like fallin asleep to the sound of rain.. may all beings in be &amp; may all beings on the planet be &amp; Sitting on the balcony with a beer, some country music and a little star gazing mixed with reflection. My life is so much better without you in it as long as I'm making someone else happy that's all that matters to me in my abode...just gotta do sum spring cleaning n get rid of this old baggage..this week I just want some weiner Nothing better to keep my mind right then Gorillaz radio Sleeping with my window open, listening to the wind.. Feels good to be back! I forgot how quiet it gets in the middle of nowhere. Forever my lullaby and stress remedy Out smoking on the deck just in my robe So peaceful.. | Ocean Rd Beach, i fall asleep watching Tinker Bell nearly every night. So peaceful.. | Ocean Rd Beach, sitting here listening to Mozart with Dunkin.. Accept Urself, Love Urself, stay Be like sweet donuts Driving till I run out of gas just to clear my mind. Great view of the stars from outside my room. night in the Less than a month away until I go back to my favorite place in the US After being on your feet for 11 hours a day nothing is better than laying down in bed for the first time since you woke up I got nothing on my mind and it's beautiful No , , , Subsidised , Subsidised , - ?! I guess I must now...he feels so good next to me, I will dream of him! Gavin DeGraw Pandora on point right now Listening to Passion:Take It All Live worship while studying is taking me back to a special time My future husband better propose to me at the Royal Botanical Gardens! Exploration is the essence of the human spirit. All good things are wild &amp; free. Just chillin outside with my pup listening to the birds and watching some shooting stars. Everybody's reading in the sun What When Where Why Daily Edition: I plaid golf at a course in called desert dunes or something like that really course Midnight walk in Salthill last night was exactly what I needed I really love listening to this song before taking a nap. listening... Driving at 4:30/5 in the morning is rather pleasant 4am baths as the sun comes up? Sure why not! Shit photo.. But it looked nice last night at little shoal bay :) &lt;3 WHAT say! -&gt; "Until Period PanteEEZ, no product or pad I have tried guaranteed me a good &amp; night's - Linda, OH So when he's this kid with all... Easy run done right as the dawn was breaking this morning! I am loving this downpour More or Less Religion? invasion into a violent world. There's nothing like getting away from everything by being on the water. Its soooo I think i could get use to staying at a 5 Hyatt Place lovely &gt;//&lt; Thai style building Had a great night catching up with my boys Brett &amp; Brendan. Now time for pjs &amp; couch at home alone with a mug of hot chocolate Quiet place, feels like home! The sun beginning to leave footprints across the sky.. Good morning. ... Sitting on my patio, sipping coffee, looking out over my pond and wishing work was optional. Staring out into the sky I love early mornings with my coffee and my Mav! I need a abundant &amp;I'll USE my termcard &amp;GREAT yoga teacher. 2 fun to get back into running 2, tough choices "I'm watching the pretty flowers &amp; butterflies mummy" Enjoying some lunchtime sunshine, shame i have to go back to work I love to see the sun set 6 A.M &amp; listening EDM. My favorite way to start the day! Pretending i live near the beach as I listen to the ocean waves setting on my machine... Really enjoying my morning commute while listening to the new album Klek is an ideal place for and pleasant where visitors may enjoy many recreational activities. I don't think I have the heart to wake her. The older I get the more I love mornings. Have you decided what type of day you will have. Love the view from sofa can't wait til next Sunday to move in A library is a hospital for the mind. Cardiff University Science Library Surrendering suffering is such a feeling It's a beautiful day to give back GODs gift and life goes on... My kitchen at home is by far my favourite place to work Wish I lived on a beach Paisley and Charlie gray checking out the horse from the deck. Walking around alone in Harajuku Love sitting in my sunny garden xx x The only good thing about that final was we didn't hear "ummmm" on the last day in class This is a beautiful shot I took on our way to WMC Miami Gods creations are breathtaking. Canoe's in the back of the truck and I'm off Tadasana/Mountain Pose &amp; full of Peaceee yawwww with my lil sis at so in Putney Bridge More cool photos of NY!: Such a welcome sight! by norisoft I forget who took this. The best noise to study to is the construction outside your window... Meditation classes are life, everyone should try them. I could definitely get used to this view out my window. Piano music: food for the soul :) Starting the day off by sitting outback and reading a book while the pups sun bath Just gonna chill down the end of the garden this evening Most definitely wouldn't mind waking up to the sound of the river ever morning. Join us for Light of Peace 2014 and meet special guest on May 12, 2014 Tge most part of my is when everyone goes to a meeting and i just relax Walkway towards the temple where our family grave is at. I'm listening to Coffee Table Jazz on Spotify Cup of coffee, almost makes my morning! [Relaxes with 's in the Ocean] Finishing my notes then going outside to nap:) Went for a walk to the woods so much more peaceful here! Why you should let go and just go with the flow via Quiet time , before the rush of a busy day begins Walking the streets of Midrand. When last did you take a Long walk Pretty day for me to go hiking on the refuge(: Amrit vela really is the best time to do path. Couldn't sleep so decided to do Jap Ji Sahib. eastern who's language is illegal in the country they live in. Get your A little compass work for me, and some agility and directionals for my partner. Laundry drying run a couple more errands...lunch n enjoy the rest of a day off! I've falling asleep to Afterglow every night, since 2006. Even til this date I still do! Good morning from my beautiful city So many reasons to smile... I actually like going out to lunch by myself Cleaning and listening to the Beatles Nothing better than a morning jog in the sun I love it when the freshmen in this class aren't here!! This little guy fell asleep. Often times we that our lives were more &amp; more That was some major hippie status. Blowing trees in the trees. Enjoy ur Day! Back to my world! (: I need to always plan my lunch at 11:30. There's no one here! Just got off work . Walking home listening to music Ohhh Bella's &amp; Beau's you can bet your that this just it up best. Have a mid-week It's so peaceful and beautiful out this morning. I kind of like all this country and open skies In enjoying a nice cold with the wifey Love been inside and listening to the rain fall onto the windows, feel for those in it though! I have never been so thankful for the blessings I have in my life right now. My every morning. Eternal bliss. One with nature. Listening 2 my like a now playing miss hearing of is one of the examples of against I like to go to the beach before I go to school This is where I was working for half the day.. blessed After celebration time to get fun in the sun in beautiful so close 2 the yet so Love that this is just a short stroll away from our home! Sitting in the window watching the cranes across the street swing during my insanely long lunch break Serenity is Antigua Guatemala soaking up this tranquil garden outside my room. Love b/c it begs us to ask what we can do to live in a more reality w/o the and Sitting outside on this day with my and our handsome puppy. day. "Those who make revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." John F. Kennedy Ohhh Bella's &amp; Beau's you can bet your that this just it up best. Have a mid-week... the joys of having teenagers is a. You don't take them to school anymore and b. They don't speak to you anymore Back at it so far so good Id honestly rather be out in the country areas than in the city areas. Gotta send my phone off to get a fixed which means I wont have it for about a week which ngl I am realy looking forward too! Beautiful colourful lake. Wish I was there. Love going golfing by myself Is it bad that I kinda miss barbourville ?? Didn't realize how long it's been since I've only heard the wind, water, and birds, something I've missed The water was a little rough but much needed on a hot day! Winter can't keep me away "I can take you to the kingdom my lady place you on the throne if you're ready" Enjoying the first pool day of the year Wow! Such a great new song! slightly crying, what a way to calm down after a busy day! Swingin in a hammock w kaseykinz Relaxing and doing my makeup at the bridge Piano lessons make me forget the world and all the bullshit.. I think I've found my fav place in Valpo All I want to do is lay in a tanning bed, run forever, and drink a million glasses of wine. I can't wait till I get my own place, I can come home relax with no one around me. UM Plans Peaceful Protest Against and Going for a walk to clear my head Away a walk in the woods tonight Enjoying decaf vanilla lattes in Midtown Sacto verde hot springs. such an amazing view of the stars! Verde River, AZ Take me to a far away land! My home town from the mountains looking towards Carlingford lough I love it when the house it so quiet At -- Take me to a far away land! Lying in bed with my window open listen to the wind blowing through the tree it's so I miss my fishing days Gorgeous view from Hamoa Beach! I don't think I could ever live in a house that doesn't have a porch again. Have you ever been so relieved that someone is finally out of your life? Keep your eye on the ball. Excited to explore Grasslands National Park the next two days! Nothing better than nature and beer on a day off... Tilly the dove sitting on her little egg... renamed as "Pulling Yourself Toward A More Future" Heh. thought via I sit in my driveway when I get home everyday It is good to be home! my favorite place to get away from everything. Beach on this fine Tuesday Its going to have to be 5.30am starts for training for the next few weeks the lark quick or the dead 4me What a nice view to see after stressing out about finals Love the sound of the rain when I'm in my bed Relaxing in the mini park by hunter listening to country music Love the sound of rain against my window! One of the best parts of my neighborhood Thanks Kyle, I always enjoy fishing :) - after a busy day, I like to enjoy some peace, quiet and solitude Perfect place to finish my book before the homestand starts tomorrow. lovelovelove the sound of rain I like being awake at night ! Rocking on porch swing with dad at the end of the day. Let's just drive around, smoke cigarettes and listen to peaceful 80's music I Love Being Home From School When Everybody Else Is At School. I don't even need to count sheep ...just counting pictures of you in underwear My view right now :) Nap time , long day Just lying in bed listening to the rain Be good and do good. There's just something about hearing the rain before you fall asleep Took a walk on the railroad the other night. Was peaceful!! Closing your eyes for 15 min can reboot you better than caffeine Beautiful day here in Vancouver today How we spent our lunch running at home is a million times better than running at school solely for the fact that there is no one around Best place in the world Just Looking &amp; Listening .... Shelley Lake Loop Trail This tree isn't so bad once all it's flowery buds fall off... Love walking out of my bedroom and seeing this. The waterfall areas at nationwide are ready for lounging! Love this part of the big Went on a nice bike ride. Sooo nice out right now! Perfect beach day to myself We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes One of my favorite fishing spots. We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes Ice cream by the water We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We All Need To Escape Sometimes We are the first &amp; oldest collaborative law practice group in North Carolina - let us help you with your divorce 919 755 2275 We All Need To Escape Sometimes While on bed rest, I've been looking at how I'm going to change my hair &amp; things for my tattoo. We All Need To Escape Sometimes Ive had the best day. My days have been this since I made the decision to give it all to God. I worry about NOTHING lol. I love sitting here in my comfy bed with the ceiling fan on, relaxing. This used to be my spot but I haven't chilled here for months. I think Im gunna go to the driving range tonight Another beautiful sunset in San Marco ;) Motivational Thought of the Day ~ Meditation We All Need To Escape Sometimes glad I changed my number no more random ass phone calls and annoying survey bullshit and Arabians callin from 3 digit numbers It's a sit in the swing on the deck kind of night. Nothing like sitting on the deck watching the sun set. Sunset at my granddaddy's house. I think I want to get a hotel room and stay in it for awhole weekend! Man, I'm gonna miss this place. Watched the Sunset for the first time side note: I could sit in the hp building for hours. Finally a nice quiet peaceful night here at the impound. Thank goodness jazz fest is over. Current status after a crazy day in the office.. :) Amazing sky color on river. Park Hill, Sheffield Night walks in the neighborhood &gt;&gt;&gt; UM Plans Peaceful Protest Against and Tough time tonight, definitely feeling the sting of losing times I'm grateful that I live on a nice golf course, even though I bike on it I'm digging this work trip Osthoff Resort And Spa Our struck me with a very It just looks and I am so My new favorite thing is sitting on our balcony with a glass of wine in hand It's been a long &amp; overwhelming day...now time to get some rest. A spring night walk around campus &gt;&gt; Listening to Layla before bed, and loving the bluesy tones of old Liberty Bridge at Falls Park on the Reedy Awesome start to our getaway on Officially found my new hidden outdoor spot on campus University of is a Wishing you a night so you can tomorrow &lt;3 Pre-show coffee in beautiful Emerald this arvo Emerald Village I am going to miss the airport track sunsets! Need to get out and go fishing!! Nayeli takes the most amazing pictures of the sky! Love it! City and colour will always be able to soothe me. Today has been a chill day, it seems like people went all out yesterday! :P Hoping your night was &amp; your sleep is I got there just in time to see it though! Islam is not a terrorist. something about country music just soothes the soul. Love grocery shopping at night The sky looks absolutely beautiful tonight. I love watching the stars. Fan on and the window open with the crickets doing their thang Finding Nemo never gets old Wish I was up at the lake right now fishing or around a campfire with no worries in the world. Lay me down on a bed of roses Wanna go back to the beach so bad If I could live at the barn I would Bed time for me. Cuddles would be nice. Finally get to RELAX and catch up on Magazines... He's so sweet when he sleeps. I dont think I could sleep without listening to my Alison Krauss station on pandora I love how much quieter the rec is late at night. Turn the iPod on shuffle hit the bowl and get lost in the lava lamp Where I need to be right now I love not having to worry about anybody or anything anymore Late night tea and tarot cards I wish I had a hammock so I could go lay outside Great spot to sit back and relax when out for a run. ;; Nothing beats sunny days, and a fire. There's somethin special about the night sky when the stars are out. I do the most thinking while driving at night. Chamomile and honey before bedtime Ok let's Hope that tomorrow I can get up in the canyons I miss it Home in the Hill Country. There is something about laying in bed listening to the rain and frogs that makes everything better. I wanna burn here again I love having the gym to myself I love falling asleep to rain and thunder storms Bedtime reading is a sacred activity. Heaven is the beach at night Feels so nice to at least finally have my mind on other things. It's been a long time. I love the sound light rain when I'm trying to sleep Haven't been here for years! Watching the lightning and listening to the thunder The feeling of getting to leave and go home. Went to a secret spot today with my best friend The less you respond to negative people the more your life will be So where is now?? US joins hunt for Nigerian girls Something completely different again, just a nice photo in a scene. Nothing like a night walk ! Clovelly Beach all to myself this morning...not to shabby aye!! Hearing it thunder is the best way to sleep. Staying up late, sitting outside gazing into stars, and just listening to Christian Rock on pandora and read a little scripture As the sun set tonight. Crucial day to all in May this be a a day we will look back with My favorite place every break time. One Global Only in Calistoga can you ride down the middle of town at night on your bike and not have to worry Love love love that sound of rain to fall asleep to! don't ever use the b4 the word 20% of r considered radical in Islam A &amp; Night to All..... XoXo A long drive around the city is always a good idea Hopefully will be sleeping like a baby tonight! The more you know God, the more &amp; you become. There's just something so about taking a under the alone! Love running courses here... Next course this Saturday! Wishin all my brothers and sisters a as they vote today on my birthday Alone is exactly how I should be! Bike rides on a beautiful night&gt;&gt; Sleeping with the window open tonight Gonna take you for a ride on a big jet plane... :) The Band of Horses station on Pandora is absolutely perf 24 days til the beach! Stop. Close your eyes. Inhale/exhale. Open your eyes. That's what 1second feels like with your phone. I really what a pool so I can have those late night swims Perks of working in a park RELIGION.... touchy subject here people. random.. I know.. but true Like I just want to walk around all night. I love swimming late at goodlife when im the only one in the pool area Did you see this one? : Exactly what I needed "Now my eyes will be open &amp; my ears attentive to the prayers offered in this place." 2 Chronicles 7:15. Summer well spent.. Boracay Station 1 Listen to + doing my homework= getting shit done Things To Do With Your Roof No.36. Install a Waterfall! Oh how I've missed being out here voting in Uttar Pradesh - I honestly love sitting In the back porch and folding laundry and smoking a cigarette Waking up on the beach tomorrow.. Colors of the sea :) I forgot how much I love stopping at the top of the hill &amp; just laying there Those who make will make just an autumn sunset outside my front door I love these hours... real Rest in Peace, peace and daddy. My new home by frinkyg I wish South Africa a and a May the best candidate win When I drive home from work this late, I drive in complete silence.. No music, nothing.. Just the wind. In the garden with a good book..cant beat it I should've turned my phone on "Do Not Disturb" two days ago. that deep red star very What When Where Why Daily Edition: when I get up early, my favorite thing is the 2 minutes I'm outside alone and it's perfectly quiet with no one around I love me some lavendel Oslo Good Holy blessed morning hope you are good ask you receive Graciously thanking you Dear soul I have never seen Glenwood High School so quiet in my entire life. bwwaah yeah but forever alone Love listening to the birds in the morning :) before traffic hit and the world wakes up I just remembered that nobody is going to be home when I get home &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Nails &amp;&amp; toes being done! 5 o'clock A.M. is my favorite time of day... Enjoying a ride through country farmlands Baby sleeping, hubby out to lunch. House in silence. Me? Sitting at my dining room table, in silence. Absolutely love stormy/rainy mornings like this. Forgot how much I love being up and out this early Up listening to this rain &amp; thunder The only time I've been in Kelmarsh building in the 3 years I've been at this uni is to do a shite before my exams. Love my drive to work. No work until 2..Blunt rolled..Black out curtains up= Peaceful place Warnant, Namur, Belgium Whose reppin I hope y'all a day Kids wake up at 6am...NOT COOL! My day gets thrown off w/o my few moments alone in the morning. 20 Most in the - Couldn't sleep so came out back started a fire and made some coffee. Wow is it hard to get up during this storm work flow. Thank lawddddd. The only time I'm around normal , well rounded adults. It's 8:15am. How do I get out of my warm bed when it's dark in my room and rain is falling? Loving the quiet and stillness on campus this morning. View earlier. Manila Memorial Park Sucat 3 more weeks till I'm back at my happy place. Can't come any sooner Start my day off right with a morning run. What if everyone treated others the way they want to be treated.What if we expected the good out of others. what if the was Eating breakfast on the deck (balcony), and listening to the wind blow through the trees (oceans crashing) cannot wait to take a nap while it's raining. AND FAIR ONGOING ELECTIONS SOUTH AFRICA ELECTIONS DAY Don't know how I would be able to get through all of this work without the pandora station playing. Im jealous! Enjoy! Excited to explore Grasslands National Park the next two days! Made a pit stop on my way to work this morning I really need a: ... DAY! !! GOD early morning rides where it's just me, my horse and my dog &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Can I lay in my bed, listen to The Fray, look through old pictures and reminisce all day? Love standing outside during the thunder and lightning. Uses of Nuclear Energy: US Statement - (press release) So over this morning already! Listening to the babbling breeches while i study. Meditating 2 radio while I this morning on the deck. Given up on uni work for the day to come home and do absolutely nothing! Sometimes all you need is a little morning walk to put life into perspective. I remember I faced a blunt at that pond by myself. Its another beautiful morning out here on the Kentucky River. Hope everyone is smilen this morning ;) I know I am. Did a service call at a house way out in the sticks. This was their backyard. A 2 hour stroll around London Town 'Japanese - Harmony And Nature' - Super day at Wilmot Creek Outdoor Education Centre with Jack's grade 1 class I love watching the rain so walking in it would be perfect to clear my head but Uni work says no. It's a beautiful morning in Waxahachie! Latin &amp; concert on Friday in To register: Latin &amp; concert on Friday in To register: It's a good day at work when the phones aren't working The day was amazing before you woke up and it hasn't changed. Excited to explore Grasslands National Park the next two days! Have a great time! This city is something else The calm befor the storm by Pedro Vieira via Out from the city life. Tara Lets Rock!!! won fans by his dis one dialouge.. :)) :)) Beauty. It's the little things. cholebitz The Alki Bathhouse Photo: Early morning * mommys house Early morning * mommy's house Walked 3 miles this morning. Run 4 after work! Loving this training I love seeing old couples take walks with their dogs. All trimmed &amp; fresh happy plant The calm before the storm Its nice out let's pray for a great day voting as police keep an eye on KwaMashu Hostel - Mail &amp; Guardian Online I love rainy, overcast days. I don't get why everyone's complaining Art Print Sea Shower Curtains Teacher Relaxation surprise by Pam and Jas! OMG!!! voting as police keep an eye on KwaMashu Hostel - Mail &amp; Guardian Online Listening to the wind blowing the tree leaves and the birds chirping It's a beautiful day on campus! Absolutely love checking my social media while on the toilet. And you're a liar if you do not agree with me. Lost track of time in my garden Nothing better than an empty cinema! at Lounging outside and enjoying life. Masonville 2.0) Happy! The live guitarist is playing, "What a friend we have in Jesus" in the airport. For a more life, realise the and that represent who you are and let go of those that hold no value for you. Workin' from Starbies today. Good thing I'm not famous.. way too predictable. PAT workers vow to be but Government is now threatening transporters not to give buses to workers, pushing to limits.. Too much facebook banter, Twitter is much more chilled out. I'm so ready to go. Stuck in traffic listening to live at Beacon theater. This is my favorite kind of weather! Fab mussels at last and a view of the old Harbour WHAT say! -&gt; "Until Period PanteEEZ, no product or pad I have tried guaranteed me a good &amp; night's - Linda Beautiful day to take the laptop outside and work!! I just want to be on a boat somewhere with a six pack to myself. I love the rain. Makes me feel calm. Sketching/painting whilst listening to the rain! Hope everyone has an amazing day!!! Feeling and today. Volunteering all morning at The Simple Farm I enjoy being in a place where nobody knows my name It's really simple... Moments are worth more last, it was a peaceful one. Well, I hope d remaining few mins will tell it all. presidential election# in one picture: and full relax of body and sole!!! A little peace &amp; is good for the soul. You're my favorite place to visit when my mind searches for peace... Finally time for R&amp;R and some me-time with the and the I don't respond to everything because everything doesn't deserve my time or energy Lets get back to the nature and get piece of mind! I try to be on the go! Lol Love b/c it begs us to ask what we can do to live in a more reality w/o the and 2 other ppl in the gym I love it when we come across one of these on our hikes. Just beautiful in every way. Sometimes its good to have some time for yourself and just separate yourself from all the publicity. What an amazing view for working on my script. It's sunny AND quiet on my back deck, who do I thank for this? Sitting on a hay bale waiting for my horse to eat! Best way to escape from exams Beautiful colourful lake. Wish I was there. From Harry Potter white to struck match tan. Lido Key Public Beach Enjoying a lunch. Listening to the of the Glad it is Not in CT that's for sure! Sooo want this to be my backyard House all to myself till Sunday Night time drives back to Pretoria Quiet roads and plenty of time to clear my mind! Arrived earlyyyyy. Finallyyy!!! Thankyou Lord Tea and cookies with Jen Beautiful day at Freedom Park in Nature helps develop in children via by Marjorie Powell Allen Chapel. The view from up here is lush I am sure it will work looks amazing I love going for runs outside I remember coming to my grandparents farm and feeling so relaxed Sometimes I wish I spend my entire life up here .... Praise The Lord we going to church tonight I needa get away and be in nothing but Gods presence! Why did I never think of this before? Studying isn't so bad when you're chillin in a hammock on a beautiful day Love going evening jogging with my doggy but regret it the next morning! I've been to visit this shrine in Rangoon, - incredible Very and I'm doing Yoga Fix in the 21 Day Fix program. Join me! Had to the Was such a However, I was that End of busy eve: 1st, Quiet Time. Chapel open for pupils with music, candles, prayer book &amp; other resources In bed already. Listening to the rain This is why I love this place!! Love this girl, had a little walk in the woods To nap or study? That is the question. Walking among very tall trees. meets time on the balcony. Enjoying the warm night air! Relaxing in the sun and enjoying the view! Nothing quit like the sound of rain &amp; thunder while at yoga sculpt! Nothing quite like the sound of rain &amp; thunder while at yoga sculpt! Snuggled in bed with my cuddly blanket and the cat. Enjoying a rare moment home alone (except for pets). Soothing him of dishwasher. It's a barefoot, blue jean, sit on the porch and do nothin' kinda day Those who make will make Sometimes your heart needs blue skies, mountains, and the quiet of the country So at the Walsingham Park Enjoy a great maintenance-free deck - perfect for relaxing outside with a beverage! Sunsets are for the it's all around you My view from last weekend mini get away. New townhouse, new car, new opportunities, summer approaching Best thing that happened today. Spending my evening down at riverfront park I am so content in this apartment right now Best part about being down here is being able to sit out on the patio after dinner and watch the sunset. Such a tonight. I love that this is in my backyard Sometimes I want to be mermaid with beautiful glitter everywhere. Nothing better than sitting on the front porch swing watching the sun set and listening to whip-poor-wills Spent some time with myself tonight... Sittin on the porch with the dog watchin the farmer plant his crops for the summer. There is just something about it raining while its sunny.. Hanging out in ilectra 's fairy garden. So peaceful, so relaxing. ^_^ I could stay in my house forever I hope everyone had a like my babe Just listening to the storm We didn't get to talk much, &amp; you may not realize it, but you've made me believe again. Thank you for helping me smile. I love laying outside relaxing Sitting on the hood of my truck in the only field in montville staring at the moon. Good place for a 10-minute break from our meetings Auberge des Gallant Finished off leg day with a nice 6 mile country side bike ride. love listening to marina while i'm driving home at night Pumped to fall asleep to this Adore My favorite symbol with an unforgettable is Prayer time at church tonight.... Blessed Beyond Measures!!! The Pastor spoke into my life tonight and a weight has been lifted!! To God Be The Glory!!! Night time drive to clear my head There's something so peaceful about wine + music on my back porch :) Fryman Canyon always brings me a peace of mind. Sleeping with Zach every night is definitely in my regular routine now.. Great night to sit outside by a fire and just relax You're welcome Paul! I thought that was perfect for a evening! Spent an hour reading and now laying in bed listening to the tractor and planter going through the fields I really want to go to Glenn Falls Sitting on the back porch listening to the rain windows rolled down, blasting pac as the sun goes out Weather... I never knew taking a super long hot shower had the power to wash all my worries and stress of today away down the drain Here at at ... is on the ... Coeur Coffee, Daily Post newspaper on the iPad, 28 degrees...well sorted at the pool The rain finally sounds the way it did before love listening to the sound of rainfall. Still waters!! Beau . Grateful it's the weekend! Love listening to the rain in bed Never been more happy to be in my bed. Brand-new Nakalay Boutique Hotel, nestling in a quiet cove on Nakalay Beach A day on the river. Exactly what I need right now. This us tonight movie night give them a good movie and this is what you get a tweet for &amp; future of the country from May this peace process bear fruits. 