From now on I'm always gonna do a at The Rain drop therapy was AMAZING! Loving the late show on - so many great songs I haven't heard in ages. I may buy this Hawaiin shirt and a Diet Coke and do my John Wimber imitation. Feels so good to poop with the door open while I'm home alone. A nice hot bath is just what I needed A For A And Her - A For A And Her - Just got back from teaching 2 pilates and a yoga class listening to ed sheeran is so soothing Much needed yoga session tonight. All that stress n tension I was feeling is gone. Mind and body. Nothing beats a round of golf on a sunny day So I've managed to have a rare evening off &amp; actually spent it at home for a change!!! Had an amazing day at the fairlawns spa today celebrating mums bday :D I'm all caught up on sleep Soo cosy snuggled up in bed already. First day I feel like I've left work. Bath and paolo nutini playing = chilled Steve One in the air after a long day I loath baths - but that was one of the most sensational baths of my life. Just spent the last hour of my life taking an unexpected nap in the hot tub Getting a mani &amp; pedi Finished work. Now time for a swim. :) I forgot how much I loved praise and worship music and how great of a stress reliever it is! Feel well and truly relaxed and pampered after a little trip to the spa Finally in bed after a long day! Another night of learning the moves, slowly. Day#35 - Relaxing evening at home, and some lovely rice pudding Head feels a lot clearer now Go for these cropped culottes for a laid-back look in ONLY Feeling a lot better now. Nothing like sitting in front of the fire in a big hoodie and leggings Netflix, tea, crumpets, onesie and bed Enjoying some me time. Plucked my brows, painted my nails and now on the couch with a good book having a face mask. Great evening at Manchester BMX club session Open container inside the airport is amazing! Sometimes I just like to sit outside in the sun by my self. In and ready for bed by 8.45 and shit ready for tomorrow I love sleeping in my moms prayer room!!!! We look forward to seeing you :) x Morning ladies and gents ;) Have a fantastic Hump Day! I've already celebrated this morning :D You can find our Mood Cards on our website! On this beautiful spring day, do you know what your state of mind is?#calm Try our bespoke Stress Mood Cards to find out! Sometimes I need to go back Just had the best massage at gainesville thanks to my amazing husband Music is good no matter what mood you're in.. My at this exact moment. I don't really know how I got away free with this, maybe my luck is getting better Honestly in a good mind state right now It is nice to be truly understood for once. No one has ever been able to handle one of my anxiety attacks like that First night back at our old place. She's sound asleep. Love late night practises, I feel so at peace, it's the best feeling in the world! After working hard all semester, it's nice to have a day like today to think about everything you have accomplished. It feels so good to be driving with my windows down and listening to some music. Chilling out in Byron, it's raining and I don't even mind Doing hw while face timing his bitchass for the moment .. I love my days alone Red Hot Chili Peppers &amp; a bowl A pedicure and OneRepublic radio on Pandora. Barely waking up from the best nap I i've had this year so far Late night Epsom Salt baths are the best Time to unwind from all this pressure in this life of mine. So today.. At work.. We rolled a joint, smoked it, drank coronas &amp; just had an awesome night fucking with costumers Feeling The wind in your hair,is prefect end to a hot day! That awesome moment when services are down and u have nothing to work on... Finally after 2 long weeks I go to sleep and outside my bedroom window sleeps my baby Molly. Details of our beautiful villa Zoning out the world &amp; trying to get my head right. Got an exam in an hour but jamming to rick ross' album playing fifa looool w- One of my favs. Night drive through Mason, down Balboa, and the Old Road. Much needed relaxing drive. Moving on is just part of life. I feel like me again. Just got some bomb head. I guess this means that I'll be sleeping good tonight. Nice relaxed morning getting a pedicure Just woke up from a long power nap Pancakes with syrup and strong black coffee!! How every morning should be!! Chillin in the middle of the Jungle. HURRAY! 4 tracks on National paints! End to bottle necks. :') [$74.96 Drop] Burton Custom Flying V 158cm Wide Snowboard 2014 This bed feels like a million dollars, I appreciate being able to actually lay down. Feeling my boobs is so soothing sometimes. That feeling when nothing is really bothering/worrying you and you can finally think clearly Night w my main babes.. feeling a lot better Exactly :-) ..feeling "at home" is the best state of mind for learning.. &amp; Rainy day.... Drinking a hot coffee at home!!! I was meant to be piled under with work today! And here I am tweeting as I've done half of the days work in 2 hours! So true, is also about and with things dont look good no problems!! Couldn't recommend the enough it was fan, staff amazing, food was out of this world!! Just waiting for the gates to open up How have I only just discovered Pilates?! Starting my day off right Love love love these trainers JFK Nothing better than chilling in the bath to a bit of house no school yesterday and today This hookah bowl is on point Finally done with all da lab activities Don't want to go to work rain makes me so humble :) Spring has sprung! Lunch date with my ladies. View at That moment when you plan to go out jogging but instead stay home, watch modern family and eat a packet of Fritos Well that does sounds good! Will have to head down tomorrow to see for ourselves. Evening, Heavy rain, Balcony and Hot tea! What can I expect more after a tiring day Protein Shake after HEAVY Workout really soothes muscles. Feeling . Yet I do love me some cuddles by canble light Finalt weekend! Now I'm gonna watch some Gossip Girl. What a lovely day. Spending time alone. Watching people. Coffee and a little shopping. Laying in bed naked after my hot steamy shower I do like to be beside the seaside, and sunny Sandown (IOW) is empty today... A good friday afternoon spent catching up on recorded episodes I after I had a heart attack and shit myself at the same time!!! Had my lovely massage and a facial thrown in at salon, recommend it to everyone,tell your wife's &amp; girlfriends Cocktails done for now..Now time for this ;) The difference between and hair acc to that's why I (my Tan time!!! Just had a great two days:) Morning showers are the bomb Why don't I take more baths? So this is what it feels like to sit for 5min and do absolutely nothing. Just a normal picture of me. No mirrors or poses just Any day I don't have to put my coffee in a travel mug is a good day :-) Photo: Wish you were here! Chilling inn my specialise is me n feeling wonderful at Jane Royal at Jubilee Mall ,... Lovely night away with a massage included. Omg snooze o'clock!!! at work today it may have only been 15 mins but I need a bed and a quilt Weekend off! Relaxing at a cottage in Derbyshire, happy bank holiday weekend everyone! Yess got this cunt of an exam out the way talk of being in a jam na vile ni ndefu just kip the hits Love living near the beach This is like the best view on this campus and it is very peaceful That pedicure and manicure hit the spot. just got a massage....SO GOOD is the essential at in staying in their My current view beach life in St. Maarten I made the best coffee this morning So happy it's Friday today!!! Beautiful day to stay home and enjoy the sun I'm at Cowarth Park, Ascot, by the way. And it's fabulous. Guess its time to go to target Amazing massage! Definitely need one of these on a regular basis! staying with pyjamas all day feels like being 5 again ! Woohooo, finished 2 exams now a weeks break before my others haha im in chilled mode already Loved my afternoon snooze before Wasted after a gym session and a busy day in work. To Newcastle or not Newcastle... Taking a shower than lying in your bed is the most relaxing feeling ever Kickin off the weekend by kickin off my shoes via Friday night in, all I need is a takeaway! It's such a beautiful day outside. Days like this I just love driving around. Always what I wear when I come home from the field. Nothing like sitting with your feet up and having some chocolate after a busy day at work! :) weekend uniform up on my blog Just laying in my hammock reading Love revising listening to lana del rey head spinning for new ideas any suggestions?? Good things happening to me, today's been an awesome day, and I've figured out what I want in life. Sure feels nice to finally be + / small person away overnight = After the stretches(and during) I really felt my body relaxing love the head massage i get when i get my hair dyed, i could of fell asleep!! Going to a coffee shop to read FOR FUN instead of for class. I am so excited it's a bit embarrassing. I swear Bachata takes me to a very good place. The long wknd has got off to a good but unhealthy start - for dinner &amp; now drinking wine in Prosecco &amp; strawberries catch up tv from the week Power naps are so great However you decide to take time out, be calmer, or simply stop ....breathe deep and smile it sure is soothing! I'm very relaxed looking at your picture. Chilling in the bath loving life Afternoon tea looking across Fistral beach Nice relaxing bath. Thanks Jon and This is the best Yankee candle ever Listening to country by the pool. Filling the tub up to relax after a hectic day Ate Breakfast, Cleaned, Exercised, And Showered (: all snuggled up watching the help Well played the 1950s well played. we need these in the new sales office! So thankful for the texting updates! My yoga class today was on point. First night off in ages making the most of if with wine, takeaway and goggle box.. Love having time to be able to paint my nails A night in on my own!! Food, drink and tv!! I changed to be more mature and focus Junk food and Gilmore girls with auntie Tracey, exactly the kind of day I need right now Sometimes I forget how much I like my alone time. Its so much easier to breath. My new reading obsession! SHERLOCK HOLMES :) ... So glad my exams are over now! Other than my tingly foot, today's is proving wonderful. cuddle up with a blanket and a good book (that's not a textbook) is such a nice treat Out of bath with face mask on....lovely In bath listening to drops of Jupiter dudes don't lie gota love proper bath imaging the island :D Today's apparel consisted of a black tee, leggings, and some J's..... 2 games of futsal really hot shower now sat down with a bottle of carling zest Perfect way to finish a heavy week.....candle light bikram yoga......feeling good :) It feels good to be in Tumons kitchen again! Manicure, pedicure, 2L bottle of sugar free Irn Bru and sleep. in love with s voice Watching series 2 of Spaced Enjoying my day off w/ my baby loves This pedicure &amp; massage chair are putting me to sleep.. New hair and new nails.. Ahh Bubble bath, country music and a glass of wine to start the weekend off right. For the first time, in a very long time, I'm actually looking forward to this bank holiday break ;-) Night in with green tea and shrek Finally back after an amazing two days in Bath Just finished my first yoga class in months. I feel absolutely wonderful. Feeling &amp; Just had an amazing &amp; by the fabulous Mirka. Spa Lovers you must... I never thought I'd say this, but fuck did I ever miss watching cable tv. Treated myself w/ a banana smoothie that i made Chilling on my living room floor.. San Antonio (TX) I love a good Chinese massage! took a nice long walk today, sooooo amazing, i love this weather Enjoyed that back massage :) Woke up from a nap; chill as hell Very hesitant to start meditating but now I'm doing it I can't imagine a day without it A hoody and gym shorts. Favorite combo of clothing by far. It's that netflix, glass of wine and junk food kinda night.... Some roads are meant to be traveled alone Nothing better than Big Bang theory and a beer in bed at night Quite liked driving on my own at night! After a very stressful week of finals my mom really know. How to make me feel better My place is clean top to bottom, I have lazy time before I'm off to work, a big latt in front of me.. I'm just simply content the sickly sweet smell of my mixture of scented candles is weirdly comforting :) &lt;3 Pre-dinner coffee... At the beach in Florida Rough day, but still on cloud nine. I guess I don't need to spend $ on expensive furniture! Great night .. Fantastic company .. AMAZING food :-) x So nice to be back home on my bed Back in victoria for a little rest before i go to Seattle Didn't think much of Transcendence! Boring film. Lovely Ed's Easy Diner though Lying listening to R&amp;B chillout..... Listening to before my ballet performance Nothing like a nice cold beer at Monty's Happy Hour! My eyebrow lady always do good job.... Feminine Touch Beauty Man, not much is better than a back massage &amp; a pedicure at the end of a work week! Looks like it's no-pants o'clock. Nothing relaxes me like music. Had a really great day today Little tiger woods while kills it with the john mayer tunes The beach earlier with some blunts, a skimboard sesh and fruits for after really was my happy peaceful place today. Ocean waves is currently my music I'm about to make me a kimchee bowl and have a kingcar tea. That was probably the most glorious thing I've ever done!! and I wanted to lay there forever! I concentrate so much better at home It's a cold and kind of night for me! music! Spinning some records on a Friday night. Sweat pants and sports bra kinda night!! "Wish I would have met you on night one." My Friday night Enjoyed Worked and stretched muscles that haven't felt that in awhile. That was seriously the best shower Hookah, drawing, and some soft jazz tunes. Not having to do a lot of work this year has be awesome I love laying in my room and blasting my music. Of Monsters &amp; Men is just hitting the spot tonight I love listening to with my wife! So I'm in a good place right now. Peace and quiet was a good choice tonight Nice Friday night listen to my bae Justin bieber I always feel so calm after having a mental breakdown Had a lot of fun at the I needed that (: Getting into bed after a long stressful day of work is probably one of the best feelings ever. an SD sunset, a pillow &amp; trampoline w/ boba.. Celebrating my graduation with a cigar. Showered, ate good, belly full, now I'm in the bed A chill night was exactly what I needed Just laying on the hood of the truck looking up at the sky, it's a great night to be outside and it feels great taking a break! Just took a nice nap! I'm awake now Good morning everyone....time ti chill before class time! package Love the weekend when ur just relaxing at home A perfect day with Bae...&amp; his new quad...&amp; Indiana Jones...&amp; his fave pup, Trax. Ig it's just me and Netflix for the rest of the night. Late night drives with my guy My Friday nights are always so relaxing Star Wars clone wars....how is your weekend Nothing like a little origami. Nothing I love like a drive on a cool night windows down and some music. Just hits home for me. Really happy to be alone so I can relax and think a bit Pretty good day. Cannot complain. 2 glasses of wine and a hottub sesh with my girls Spending the evening with watching movies and grabbing a drink with Classical music is just so so soo relaxing. nothing beats that "after finals" feeling Nothing like the sound of a campfire. Kicked back sipping on Chardonnay and blowing strong Had my phone off all day. Man it was great!! No drama, no worrying, no nothing. A little dark licka, don't mind if I do, be the exception Finally got my lava lamp. Bout to brain storm some ideas Un poquito de one one to the I'm I've been at home for about 30 minutes and I almost forgot to take off my pants pheewww That moment when you get home and get to take off your pants after a long day Shape a future location Check-out today's Just think 4 weeks today we will be sun bathing Chill mode at the crib tonight! I love my friends farmhouse! Lying in bed with music blasting Back from Its was a day..It was .. .Clouds everywhere .Feeling ...Luving it..!!! Can't sleep up watch TV and munchen out Appreciating a much needed lie in today This is perfect to get into after a loooong day :) thanks Claire , you are a dream to work with Figure out what you have to do to make life make sense...&amp; do that shit. I feel like I'm floating, I feel lighter. As if some weight has been lifted off my shoulders. The spa was soooooo amazing will have you in another world Morning all- I'm looking forward to a fab Bank Holiday Weekend. Lots planned :) Car is in for service only one thing for it latte at the garden centre while I wait Nice morning wank...that's the one Finally feeling a little relaxed SALT B E A UTIFUL morning to have the track to myself Three day weekends should become compulsory for at least one week every month! Great view and because of This song is so chilled I can't spend too much time on it in one sitting Patong Beach Patong Beach Bangla Road Phuket It's just one of those days at work.... On my way to Weymouth. Sunshine is gorgeous 's results from their mind, body &amp; face treatment clear mind = face 's results from their mind, body &amp; face treatment clear mind = face Just got the epidural and thanking god for this creation of medicine Suns out and me and Colin are chillaxing in the garden! Nothing like a nice, hot shower to start off the long weekend! I'm an extreme person. extremely or usually no in between. Oh man I just want to sleep more. 2-1 to the Swans today! Will be nice to watch the game knowing status is secured for another season! Nice relaxing 4 day weekend with my wonderful boyfriend just what I need after a stressful week :-) Spa day with the bride to be :) sat in the back with my girl after a nice stroll in the sun Slept after my full body massage! Just woke up hihi 3 day weekend in progress Just back from breakfast with mum and then had my hair cut Saturday afternoon watching the great gatsby on the sofa The best place to be on a Saturday afternoon! Holy fucking shit it's nice out! Rainy days r amazing in florida its so good for sleeping I wanna sit under a waterfall, I wanna feel Pink champagne and antipasto - can only mean one thing 'cheat day' Chilled day at home &amp; a night in with the sister tonight Having a facial &amp; massage every 3 months is probably the best decision I ever made I love laying in bed in the morning with the sunlight streaming through the windows. signed up for the priority thing earlier First Saturday off in a long time. I'm gonna wear relaxed and wrinkly clothes!!! Haha in trying for the first time felt ! Couple That hug with lao shi and other fwends wew It is so warm outside, time to catch some UV light, sit in the grass and listen to music I am thinking.. Happiness is sitting alongside a pool with Maa Thoroughly enjoyed mine and yoda's Saturday afternoon walk :) Was feeling a lil nervous this morning but that workout killed it! Wouldn't want to spend my day any other way Good morning with good jams NW The Apparition... with a cup of camomile tea.... finished exam now home listening to Spanish music on twitter and cuddle with my dog! My first Saturday in a long time - I treated me &amp; my grandmother to Pedi time Watching golden girls on a Saturday morning with my coffee in my hand. Safe to say I'm having a splendid morning Relaxing on a sun lounger in the back garden and enjoying the sunshine i could sleep for like 20 years wit this Who ever said staying inside for a weekend was a bad thing? Finally took that hot bubble bath I've been waiting for Laying down listening to this! Perfect! Beach life. Currently not giving one fuck about schedules or appointment Beach life. Currently not giving one fuck about schedules or appointment A whole 4 days with just this guy!! lol! I'm at the 2pm graduation:) Tired and someone is here to play you some songs on guitar... Wke up w/ ah free spirit n mind w/ out worries So now only 1 pp is left...&amp; have 2 wait till next saturday.... but now need time for self... That was a nice bath and enjoyed the twilight spa last night! Session with the persons I do love to chill with. When God created massage therapy, He created a GOOD thing! Whew. Coffee downtown ! Perfect day! Golden Monkey Cafe N Resto That was the BEST massage I've ever had! training done , feet up Saturday night football Feels so good to be home for the weekend! Came an hour late to my SAT test...so I can't take it Woke up this morn with my beats on and still playing music I can't help it. I wish everyday was Saturday. Chillin listen to music, drankin that coffeee, eating the toast! Me and amirah been chilling in our dressing gowns all day Don't think I'm ready to end this catnap yet Absolute weirdest BEST massage I have ever had Ended up at the beach, drinking wine! Successful morning of and 25 mile spin/climb I've wasted all day by laying in bed but so glad, haven't done this in about a month and been physically exhausted! Had a fab day. Loved my Lunch date .. great food and a cheeky glass of wine with my sister chill time tonight Highlight of my week: grocery shopping alone. Great neck, shoulder &amp; back massage at felt the knots just untangling! Home from physical therapy + a full body massage&lt;3 I feel so wonderful. Thank u Heal Hands of my lady Cindy:-* Costa is the best form of alone-time It's 5:00 somewhere! Don't judge Great day chilling &amp; chatting with the knowledge that is feeling &amp; ready for the final stage of camp Amazing bubble bath with candles, now to read for the third time, and have a cup of coffee:) Defo the lifestyle out there Played cricket with my best pal. Laughed like a little kid on sugar rush. Funny how things work out ha should take a leaf out of our book mate cant finish anywhere other than 5th now mated Perfect day at the beach! Best way to end the semester! A bit of bath time can work wonders. I look forward to the weekend twice as much as I use too Happy Saturday people! It's going to be an amazing day! A hot bath with lavender, incense, and meditation music can do wonders for your body and mind Looking forward to Britain's got talent and lots of rum and cokes A long bubble bath after hours at the gym and swimming is deffo what your needing The magic of feeling content. Michael Buble while getting a pedicure=heaven Gym sesh and now coffee date with I started writing today. I've wanted to for a while and I'm really glad I started because it's so much fun! I smell a new hobby. Eating a in chelsea, after having a facial in amida spa. This massage chair would go perfectly in my new basement Relaxing to a bottle of fizzy water and dr.who First weekend in , in ages I wish I could stay on twitter forever Lol its crazy my nigga &amp; FINALLY...one year of sheer hard work comes to an ENDDDD. Village life, in a quiet corner of Hong Kong. Plymouth is beautiful! I could live here easily Chilled out day with people I love, nothing better :) Driving my dads car while blasting The Eagles Fish and chips by the seaside with Windows open, watching the Twins and drinking coffee while writing a couple of track stories. It's a good day tater! The Ted relaxing Hinckley Pets in Home Today - a great day to be a hobo and get work done. I am at peace. Peace surrounds me. House to myself tonight, takeaway on the way &amp; no cleaning to be done This is life... goodnight! :) At the park with my monkeys Deer Park Chamber of Commerce I've never loved a day of pampering more than I do today Peace of mind PFC Laurence Strack Memorial Pond Date night in with Ben &amp; Jerry! After a long week I needed this Don't want to leave my bathtub Getting my first pedicure with ! If you have never gotten one, get one, because they're amazing! Spent half the day gardening Saturday night dinner cooked by moi! accompanied by a smooth oyster bay Sauvingnon Journaling, cookie, cafe. Perfect Saturday. Ost Cafe NYC Perfect day with brunch down broadway market then 1 hour massage. Pizza and a Sex &amp; The City marathon Rolling to show!! mrsflippo_ Big D iculkn2004 pnrbut Really should start getting ready Just had a fabulous awesome one hour massage! Totally relaxed! Bad neck for 8 months - fixed in 1 session with Tuan at in Scottsdale Wht a Saturday. anit got shit to do Lychee martini! M Bar &amp; Lounge at Mandarin Oriental, Boston Pretty coastline. At Satellite Beach End of semester retail therapy was a success!! :) Lovely after midnight yoga session... Are you ready to capture your best this Read why you should! Tdy big match realmadrid vs valencia.......after match movie tym amazing spidernan2 sunday In my room alone playing music &amp; reading my book Got my slow jamz going! Just laying in bed listening to music is so nice new car 4 wifey &amp; baby, spa day relaxing by pool listening 2 a random band sound check w/ is it me or does it look like is just ballin at the local park or gym? i've actually never been more excited for a monday in my life At the parents house sitting in my Dad's chair! Just got done taking a swim. Water is freezing still! Got my slow jamz going! yeah you known for listening to genuine, r kelly and tyrese before a game. Smh haha Enjoying wine country in Texas! Reclining seats at the movies stephmrobinson AMC Burlington 10 Feels good to be off my feet Soaked up the sun today Taking a hot bath, eating cookies and listening after a stressful week. The turn up is looking serious for tonight An hour of restorative hip, leg, and low back yoga makes for a content Katie. Needed a good Saturday like this! I just got the best massage ever Love how even after swing these movies so many times they still give me the creeps when I'm watching them alone Just me &amp; my couch So grateful to be living in the country. Laying on the trampoline with momma having a heart to heart convo with quiet surroundings Tanning is probably one of my favorite parts of the day Peaceful night under the stars The Welsh have some fabulous woolens - head coach Carl Robinson rocking the knit cardigan with elbow patches Sitting in the woods at night. The most peaceful thing someone can do Yuh! He finally scored, hahaha Sitting on the back deck by the fire watching the deer go by in the field. It's that's time. ....#hockey Buffalo Wild Wings Something about playing piano and listening to the rain fall, has me on some type of way. Why have I never cashed in on the fact that I have multiple mates who can blow dry my hair! Eureka moment ! Bought A Pack Of Corona's &amp; A Box Of Newport Shorts Bare feet, green grass, a cool evening and a good book! Marlatt Hall Spending tonight with my family What's more better than a relaxing hot back with a candle going and music pumping whilst my boys are outside playing Rather enjoyed staying in tonight.. Lead on the sofa watching films all night on my own Beautiful weather, singing, new shirts, musicals...what could make this weekend better? Love a lazy Sunday morning! I'm actually feeling so relieved after that massage and everything seems so okay rn just had the most amazing hot stone massage Being out of great falls just for a couple days does wonders Chilling on the couch with my titty in hand Being As An Ocean while I do my study guide... All of a sudden I like studying. Song of the night. This track puts me in a chill mood... My bigger concern right now is whether to paint my nails pink or red Tearing these fish up right about now. I've been a passenger all day I've been sitting around all weekend. That punch felt really good it released all anger I had built up inside of me This is the first wedding I've been to in ages that I wasn't either in the wedding party, the DJ or both Got my face mask on &amp; my earphones on 10:40 on a Saturday night and i'm about to lay down. Hendrix is bae at the moment . I think someone kidnapped my boyfriend this guy over here is rubbing my feet and bought me a blizzard! It's been a long productive work week. It's officially my friday. sometimes it's nice having saturday nights to yourself A night in on the deck. Logan Square Meditating to XXYYXX might've been the best idea I've had today. Who knew riding a horse could be so therapeutic? Laying in the dark with just candles burning. Went for a run for a break from studying I finished my paper today and I'm officially the happiest person on earth. Memories from a glorious weekend! I love massages before bed. Sunday to do list: smoke, clean, chill. Nothing better than a scolding hot wash cloth on your face before bed. It's great! Try it. You'll thank me later. bad new from the orthodontist made better by sushi and a massage hot tubs make me so so sleepy I'm wearing pajamas and washed my face before bed this is un heard of Great day. Constructive outdoor play all day w Oliver. Fun stuff. Feeling a very happy calm now. :) Today felt like a total day just for myself My house smells so good :-) about 2 shower, eat &amp; rest...maybe finish reading dis book or watch another movie I'm down from a pack a day to 4-6 cigs a day in just 3 day Watching community with my parents with food. Got my brotha clappin now we real out here in vegas brah Pretty good fight, let's see how they it!!! 10 minutes late but here is my Day 3 pose: Tree Pose Brock and I were in the hot tub for like a couple hours Today afternoon in my pre birthday con mi boy Today's been such a chill day. Omg yes. Enjoying a beautiful afternoon on my porch :) This evening has been good! Watched Sherlock followed by seeing back on my screen! Lovely x Sowing machine and music = new outfit and clear head, Had an awesome lazy day. Sitting in the living room with the windows open watching Psych. Can you OD on Chamomile tea? Doing DCG short questions and chilling to aerosmith, don't even mind it like. Some and some wine tonight sometimes you just have to step back, ignore everyone, and paint your nails. There is absolutely nothing better after a long weekend of shows than taking a nice hot shower Domingo chill en el club... Domingo chill en el club It's just that kinda Sunday. Spurs are advancing to round 2, got my dress for the band banquet, and no homework You a good girl and you know it. I've been laying in bed watching Netflix all day. CCR radio is my favorite Pandora station ever. Get off of work and go fish Nothing better than a relaxing hot bath and a James Patterson/Mark Sullivan book. Weekends like this will be the ones that I look back on &amp; make me miss my friends at school so much A clean hand wants no washing..... I lie in bed &amp; bidding you all a goodnight. The owls are hooting me to sleep. Having the golf course to yourself on a Sunday night &gt;&gt;&gt; This weekend was epic! There is nothing like family, Busch Gardens &amp; the littles &amp; their cousins all together! Great weekend, feel a little more caught up with things. Ready for another work week! Looking relaxed and casual in Seoul. Tired Down And Yall Acting Dry So Good Night Cant Complain about my Sunday Funday !!!#family at where did you go for vacation Thank you for your hard work yest, loving our livingroom feeling and loving My vacation just ended. :) Oh how I love a bank holiday weekend! Last minute yesterday with very over due client .. to encourage labour &amp; keeping her for the big day In a very good mood this morning,day with the girls and then for a meal! Then for some college work and soaps Bank Holiday Lie In...just what the doctor ordered! This is the view from my current vantage point on a May Bank Holiday Monday Had the best weekend at the new Cabins and jacuzzi are top notch. Want to stay after the Bank Holiday? can help. Intro Workshop 17 May 3 places left Nice chilled day before exam no. 1 tomorrow. Grab before these beautiful finish! 45 &amp; print Finally a decent sleep in my own bed, waking up by myself Chilling at train station and all I can hear are birds. Bank holidays make the day so quiet :D Been in my pjs for two days.... Clear blue skies Grimaud Village Doing very little today but my own work :D Every Monday should be a Bank Holiday Key words for our wedding Not too long, next month right? Sure everything fine on schedule, and the date set for..? Bon Iver's music can put me to sleep in a second. Getting ready to my slow songs playlist makes for a good day Spot of bank holiday lunch in the Norfolk sunshine Just before the TJ Smith 2014 Would like to be sitting outside in the sunshine right now,with a cocktail,watching the world go by Could get used to these 3 day weekends! Enoyed my lay in soo much this morning still chilling two days off in a row is like a mini vacation. Ahhh, time to NOT get out of bed! Have a good Bank Holiday everyone :) Rainbow cheese cake and Americano Ice.. Mooikitchen I stayed offline, ignored my phone, slept ,swam, ate and drank well &amp; spent good time with my friends. Snooker all day for me Everything's just been going right over my head for weeks. I don't actually stress out or get upset over anything anymore. It's a T-shirt &amp; blue jeans kind of day! Feeling ready to take on the world!! Top spa night with my mum chevin spa and hotel :) I spent 24 hours on an island this weekend and followed it up with a pool party yesterday I feel like I'll always get a good nights sleep when I'm back in my old bed from high school. :) Just sitting in the car with the little monster Chill days are the best days Feels good to start a week with no huge assigns due:) Treated to a lovely lunch at Botanical Gardens and then wandered around for a bit. Bank holiday watching lady in the tramp n these 3 I feel like I've achieved nada this weekend. It's a great feeling. Feeling relaxed after an awesome full body massage! Thanks Cary! is in the this morning before finals. . Listening to Miranda Lambert and geting my hair done hah Had an amazing early birthday weekend with thanks ashwood was well needed Craving another session. Feel like I've been at a spa Could listen to all day The way life should be Cant beat an afternoon nap on the sofa in front of the fire Window open, room cleaned and a good book for 20 min before work. by and today how are Easter break is over by aphiltoremember Praline and Cream coffee is making this study guide a little better. Its been a lovely bank holiday wk end, garden looking lovely and spent it with my lovely family Great start to my morning I seriously have the best boyfriend ever!!!!!! He bought me a cabana with wifi just so I could do my facetime Interview today!!!! What are the odds of me getting a massage today to find out my therapist graduated from the same massage school as me? I really have enjoyed my bank holiday weekend Best thing about being in Cosmo: coming back from a retreat and getting a facial first period Beethoven, kettle chips &amp; fruitella According to I'm working in the US' 6th most stressful career, after the military, firefighters and pilots. Who knew? Love the tip of playing ambient music to focus but I just feel so chilled out all the time! tips = too much! Done with competition and now laying by the pool || Today has been good so far. I'm doing paperwork in the office. No talking to people today. Just lounging around on a hammock in paradise..nbd belated day 93 more day Just lounging around on a hammock in paradise..nbd Fighting to keep my eyes open in the bath. Have no energy to get out Had the most perfect weekend Candle light, lavender oil, and my sketchbook is all I really need - Fresh Out Jammin To ! So behind on ACTS and I'm totes not worried about my reviews yet. everyone. I'm getting a little tired and blessed to sleep. :) The natural state for your body is and not just when you are sleeping meditation#awareness Sitting by the pond bare feet in the grass. Havent done this in years Listening to blues.#longoverdue Yoga then a cheap bottle of cab Ahhh I looooove long, hot showers. Chillin in the sauna feeling the subway run beneath me &amp; A cigarette and some coffee Nothing like a good yoga class to end a Monday!! Aside from a head ache.. Im all smiles. Love falling asleep to yiruma He brings a calmness and happiness over me. And I absolutely love it. :) Stairway to heaven and looking at laying out looking at the stars today was a long day I pray no one comes in the room tonight because they'll be HIGHLY offended!! Lmbo Sitting in my balcony looking at the moon What a busy day it's been ! Time to cook something up Jus got out the shower lights off fan on family guy Late night fishing with carda mane my body is so like I just got a full body massage Taking a hot shower after a long overwhelming day. &gt;&gt;&gt; I just wanna be home.. ... feels like forever since I've seen him lol Baby girl is knocked out so I'mma getta watch a movie in piece! :) So happy im back home in my own bed surrounded by my own things The moment of knowing your hair&amp;body smells good, feeling fresh once your out of the shower.. Yoga is such an interesting hobby/activity . I'm so blessed my boyfriends mom is a yoga&amp;fitness instructor This is the one!!! by itskotch I'm ready to go to sleep after this bath:) The sound of rain is so peaceful though Yin yoga was perfect tonight. Loved it. Beautiful day in Redcliffe Redcliffe Qld You don't know how comforting a man's clothes can be until you sleep in them! Man hadn't had one of these nights in a long time! When the world gets tough I am reminded that I am backed up by the source of all power. Stay after Bank Holiday. can help. Workshop 17 May Booking 3 places left the best thing is skyipng with a best friend all night, feeling safe from intruders . Exams are all about composure Jammin, hope you like jammin too its tgat sort of morning The best exercise is done when you're on vacation Finally done d microbiology assignment...a li'll bit n verrryyy... feeling tired This is the first time in a very long time I feel Quite so Frankie, it is one helluva life 1km swim and a sauna. North Sydney Olympic Pool) A sunbed just sorted out my morning blues Just had a wee back massage Feeling ? Horse picking up on it? Book both of you in at a discounted rate (booked at same time) and start fresh and Revising in bed this morning was so much better then failing at School! Late bus in "But if you close your eyes, Does it almost feel like Nothing changed at all?" Now listening to the song Pompeii by Hooch and a full English by the river after an exam Newly admitted to campus. Yay! Volcano view from the balcony! Peace-of-mind-day...: tied down a few loose ends. All good things and events happen during my exams! Mmm cinnamon coffee, studying and sunshine :) Best music for a coach journey! Need to go get my mamas birthday present for tomorrow but my bed is just too comfy! Coffee and a good book this morning. Try these QiGong make you feel ~TY Ibiza Day 4 Siesta Time A gym sheesh and a hot shower = Owean Becca is fighting off the boys today... Another amazing massage this morning thankyou chilling out on my week off :) Tht bath was just what I needed after one of the boring/busy days at work Such a bad idea of me to sit outside in the grass. No work done with the sun shining Sitting in a sunny park, listening to tunes because the pool's too full and as I was too lazy this morning! Just finished my first year of college!!!! Great day for a spa morning. It doesn't really set the tone for the rest of the day, though. Chilling grading journals and listening to pandora I think I a good start to the morning Lovely day in the sunshine today, love my job on days like this. Did today first time really good and Just finished my first year of college!!!! you're flooding my notifications. If you weren't my friend I'd block you already for stalking me /: How I had my first coffee this morning :-) fresh air and looking onto the Isle of Bute :-) A pace in just before the arrives All I have are dabs and Bio left. rn haha This oxygen bar is beyond legit. Being done with a big hard test is the best feeling ever! I should really start studying for my criminal justice final that's in 3 hours, but laying in my bed is so much better. Starting an essay that doesnt have to be in for 23 days is probably the best idea ive ever had. Hermie all relaxed and stretched out My own personal lifesaver Tack Rebecca madamlaserna ! cards in garden after our run Coffee, windows open, at my dining room table doing some work on the computer. Feels great taking some time off. :) I love writing in this little book Nothing better than a pedicure This part of Maryland is beautiful. Back from a lovely weekend with friends Found a cute little marina near Stafford...so relaxing here Made it to New York guys! The weight has been lifted. my room for the rest of my stay here in Doha... Retaj Al Rayyan Hotel Feeling &amp; I think Im out of shock now! &amp; Im almost back to my true self. Old to me, new to y'all. Coco and I have been sleeping all day and will continue to do so, because I deserve it. I love travelling on coaches and trains - it gives me time to think and reflect not having exams, papers, or other responsibilities: pretty cool. Nothing better after a day of exams than having a nice soak in the bath I just had a PHENOMENAL massage Dismelly Obando made the news over here. Next time maybe get out instead of just sitting at the table As soon as I get into bed I become soo sleepy So independent that I lay in bed with chips and watching netflix and I love it! Nice evening walk with my best boy Haven't left my house in over 24 hours Love that feeling after the gym when your whole body aches.. To then jump in a boiling hot bath Sinking into this bubble bath with wine is just what I needed. and the view really tops it off Laying on the sofa in my jammies with the sun shining on me. Sitting on the couch, watching ghost stories with absolutely no motivation to head back to the burg. Got nothing planned after voting? Pop into for a lunch with the Home alone laying down watching Gossip Girl. I love my days off of work. Pedicure for Lunch...best decision of my day. KT Nails) lol owww u walking away hmm u gonna come back tell d new chick i said she shoudnt get comfortable u know the way back Just had his first bath...thx nanny for my personalized noonie Showers after work have me feeling on top of the world After a rough morning, this guy is finally having a good day Gym session complete now for food and bath :) today has been an amazing day :) Just got a massage from mom. Oh god I love life Why does the tanning bed feel so good?! Get me a holiday man! Organising and planning whilst in the bath Lovely massage from the MASSOOOST herself Loving that I've still got tomorrow of work Watching old episodes of gossip girl I love Tuesday evenings Thank you bro for playing that nice jazz playlist on spotify for me. Slept like a baby Both kids asleep, kitchen tidied, time for bear grills on the tv. Feeling for once!!!!! Enjoyed my mini seaside break,now to prepare for tomoz from and &amp; everything between! The water was a little rough but much needed on a hot day! Gettin back to summer gear What an amazing hour and half nap can do! Just had a fab infrared sauna with My car hasn't moved today Damn, a nice hot bath is definitely what I needed! From last year show jumping....think i was getting bored waiting My boy at villa on sat result was never in doubt I love cold showers :) :) Nice &amp; Relaxed in the car listening to on Radio1 1h30 and now I'm totally Chilling out with little man tonight. My mom was like, "Why are you drinking wine in the middle of the afternoon?" I was like... Why aren't you? Listening to Sade after a long day is heaven Finally getting to sit and enjoy summer today. This weather is beautiful. ah the life of a traveller I love just sitting outside with my dog smoking a mild yes mind is it's the Heart that's stressed.. Too much corrupt tv I think in the past. booked my Galena :-) already feeling Bubble baths are the best In bed watching Harry potter Chilli hot chocolate and vampire dairies They call me mello yellow That massage was the best hour of my life Don't remember the last time I didn't have anything to do on a Tuesday until 7 PM Nothing is better than a nice cold shower after a long ass day at work. Just had an amazing massage themarkerhotel Gone watch The Raid- Redemption, eat some food, smoke some weed, sip a little Vodka... don't nobody come bother me.. Bridesmaids is on :)))) tea and bickies :) wooo night sorted :)) The moment you realise, 6 days of none stop nights of drinking and working that bed could not feel more amazing! Love a late night jog! Feel lost without working this week - but quality time with my 2 lovelies is blinking perfect!! Ahhh whole bed to myself! could get use to this Am I a bitch if really ugly pictures were posted on the internet of someone I thought I was jealous of and it made me smile inside? No college left. Lovely cigar earlier and a whiskey now. This is is key Just rolled up n chilling with this six pack Reuben and Tumblr, great way to relax after a wonderful bbq! :) Watching Superbad and getting tattooed. Not even mad Just had an amazing massage themarkerhotel oh Mills, leave it owwwwt Final changes add a blazer for chiller evenings and a small cross body Pretty productive day so far. Worked out, tanned, then went swimming. A bubbly bath, a foster's radler and castle is just what I need Raspberry bubble bath after a days revision Having a great day off today. Ughh i need a blunt, a soft bed, a little act right , and some music Chilling out watching the tv xx I feel like laying outside and listen to Laying on my bed chilling Having cuddlies while watching Vampire Dairies after two days of Not having a final today really helped Ahhh feels so good to get my hair done Funny film, yummy dinner and good company has definitely cheered me up Much needed pedicure. Can I take this massage chair home with me? Some tea and some writing while a folk band practices nearby. I'll take it! Can't beat a Late night swim Spending the afternoon with and my mom ^_^ Demoing massage chairs at art van. I think I'm in love Bubble baths are my fav Exams are over yaaayyyyy!!!!! I love this feeling Love watching with jools Holland in bed. At my Bass Lake, Indiana Just because my heart beats, doesn't mean it beats easily..... Until now They're right. This is the best time to do this.... Running in the rain is one of the most relaxing things ever Had the most amazing Elemis spa bath thanks to my fave - Talk about feeling What I see when I come back from the bathroom in the evenings ;)) Laying on the Lamont grass with a good book Finding anything on iplayer with David Attenborough talking, could listen to him talk forever Love the sound of the rain beating against the window I'm on vacation! So far I've cleaned, done laundry, packed, and prepped the car for the 12-hr road trip w toddler. Perfect your off-duty with ONLY 5! I don't get to see you much but when I do, you put my mind at ease. This boiling hot shower is hitting the spot All need to Pranic . How this little one looks ! The calm before the storm Tucked up in bed with a hot water bottle watching The Big Bang Theory &lt;3 Spending time w/ one of my best friends watching Missed spending time with her. At the mall for retail therapy, got roped into a chair massage. But I'm really glad I did! I slept right through :/ so worth it though! Dusted Tuesday - Sebastien (May 06, 2014) by Dusted Decks via Lying in bed listening to the rain :) x I needed that gym session. I just woke up from one of the best naps ever , . Perfect your off-duty with ONLY 5! Ona hair Duby Wrap with a fresh relaxer! Love listening to the before sleep !! :p So this relaxation thing in the union is amazing Space jam and bridesmaids in the same evening has been bliss Talking to a bestmate after ages :D Love when my man pampers me#pedicure Listening to BAAO and putting up posters. Maxwell music set | Candles Tonight is a j cole night Listening to some in bed. Can't beat the golden oldies! My she looks so in our little space Deja Vu Salon, Bella Vista Mall Bubble bath &amp; Lana Del Rey playing A run gets everything off your mind... Took a walk at Pool Wildlife Sanctuary tonight. No idea of what I thought about, except memories of grandpa I feel like so much stress has been released off my shoulders. Mani &amp; Pedi time so much needed Happy to be back in South Florida for a bit! MJ blues on the train! This song is crack!!! Love setting outside in the evening! Forget about my behavior .. I'm me , once they get passed that. My Grades be on point I'm on day 5 of the Take10 series beautiful day out on the links with the boys The feeling after singing Japaji Sahib. The way your body mind and soul feel after Bikram yoga A nice hot bubble bath after a track meet is the best feeling ever Current status after a crazy day in the office.. :) Hot bath + 12 oz glass of cab = loooooong day 6 in class finals &amp; 1 online final this week. I can't tell if I am stressing over this or if I am just use to the constant stress. On a whim, three of us headed out after school for pedicures...two hours later... XI RETO A LA CUMBRE... Photo: Glass of red wine!! Literally laying on the couch just listening to music. This is the good life. At this Amc theater with the leather seats Man U can recline n these boys .. I love my beats! It ease my mind after long days. Off work watching these finals! Novela later back room smelling and looking like everything aaaah Kinda feels nice living alone. Nice stress free night, love pizza and had a cuddle which was nice :) However now I'm very &amp; feel like I could be pour in a pan like chocolate Home alone watching tv gonna enjoy my alone time. With Da Smallest Shorts On...&amp;No PantieS! Really enjoying my vacation !!! Snack time! Lightly salted rice cakes, baby carrots, ranch dip and vanilla sleepy time tea That yoga did me good tonight Country music and sweet tea are all I need Having the best time ever with this beauty of mine Just tanned for the first time in over a year. forgot how much I missed it. Sitting outside. Listening to music. Peace is sitting under the stars, the ocean breeze blowing through my hair and taking in the sound of the ocean waves That shower was exactly what I needed. Walk down to the lake! something about country music just soothes the soul. I feel as though my body and my bed morphed into one Aloneness, unlike loneliness, is a state of and is experienced when you are and of all tension. It feels great to having anything important to do in the AM. Lol how Trucks with crazy graphics never get old Loved the drive down to San Luis today. Beautiful stop offs like this Good to know Sunsations Laser Tag Dat moment where u stupid blowed u go play on da swings.....u swing so high u actually wanna touch da stars. Just took a warm shower after a long day at the beach Time to read!! He loves his books. Ahhh girls night always puts you in that mood Those 3 glasses of moscato though Living slightly less ghetto thanks to a broom and A Day to Remember. no more stress After 8 hours of school all day I think a cold drink &amp; a front porch was just what I needed love coming home and putting on shorts and a tank top. XXYYXX is just setting the mood rn A For A At - Ahh I'm happy, first exam went well, ma boo is okay, I'm okay, my fam is okay!.. Ahh life is good Just something about climbing into a freshly made bed with clean sheets... Bubble bath and candles always fix things! Schools out, first night back in the hills. Wabeek Lake That hot bath was necessary for tonight Sitting outside getting high watching the world go by. Might take a midnight ride .. Nothing like a hot bath! :)))) I feel like that shower just made my stress level go down.. Nothing like the feeling after a hot shower and putting on soothing lotion My nighttime cleanser is amazing. Best part of working until 10? Coming home, justin &amp; b are sleeping. I can enjoy a snack with oso and watch tv. I think it's time for a bubble bath! :) So not ready to go back to the states... This is the first stress free night I have had in a long time Love laying in bed reading and listening to the storm roll in! I just need a guy that ill play with my hair til i fall asleep... But in the mean time, my twin will do. just calming my PTSD. You feel me.. About to let her go to the store cause I shole ain't moving This rainfall is too perfect to fall asleep to Laying in bed with the window open &amp; fan right on me. Hott body shower, followed up with some stress relief eucalyptus lotion, &amp; a cup of green tea Up listening to old slow jams from my high school days It's Wednesday but technically Monday for me....yay! Never under estimate the power of me ;) I can probably go to sleep wayyyy easier since its raining Drinking outside with my niggas ...Cheers How my night ends..... Hmu peeps. My heart rate is at 60 bpm. My freezer eye mask is the best. Pjs. Popcorn. Hot chocolate. Gilmore girls. Best smell in the whole world I really what a pool so I can have those late night swims Braids and bun in one! Best bun hairstyle! thanks to my summer.hairstylist miksandmatch Thank god for wine and hot bubble baths! :-) Day 46 bit late fell asleep watching TV in bed Saved for nights like this. Its been today so I did a I finally towards the end. I'm holding a meditation class tonight. More relaxation Me after my paw massage. My night ended up real good Full &amp; watching The Wood.. This Vicodin and icy hot patch is working wonders on my back. Laying in my front yard listening to frank ocean drinking tea and watching the stars talkin to bae. your off-duty with ONLY 5! Great This is how I feel sometimes with all of the when I see girls So nice having an extra 2 hours in bed What a night! I hid in a bush on the Quad with 16 people, sat around a fire, went to Train Bridge, and star gazed. Yesterday was a good evening. Geoff's for a few sociables, then I binged on cheese and techno to clear my head. My comfort zone. &lt;33 Larena Triad Coffee Shop Sometimes I don't mind being kind of a frumpy hippy. Life is like a Simple, straight, and hanging Then make it hard Hair stages touch up process ready....BDAY GIRL GOIN HOOK IT UP FRIDAY FOR Up in Glasgow for the big one v East Fife tonight - come on the . Lunch and golf at Prestwick first Lush way to spend my morning, ncis and a cuppa Posh train today its gonna be a good day In bed listening to that rain.. Had a good night at work. It felt amazing to be stress free Gym this morning. Well deserved massage this afternoon. Started my day off with a great 30 min Feeling does a body good Nothing like a nice hot bath with radox to make you feel better . All set for bingo now Just had a 40 min shower Spending the day at a spa, nothing beats it thanks suf__s Had the best massage today. Supporting local small business! Finally ! Removed the plaster Just had the most amazing back massage and facial Sitting in studio 4 having hair done. Glad I took a shower last night so I could sleep in extra late this morning kicking back in the lovely weather with a glass of ale and a bit of jazz guitar Loving these days off of work! Led in bed jamming to some good music. Drinking my frap, listening to Kari Jobe reading my devotional. listening to some music before I head off to the exam. Mornings this gorgeous and some country music makes me not even worry about my tests Perfect your off-duty with ONLY 3.68! Relaxing Camomile Tea before bed time' Last one lol About to go get really Should have booked 2 week off. Damn it. Listening to the rain on the conservatory is amazing. become much more and they from their hearts if you go for a with them via That's advanced higher history finally done XD Was a good paper but glad I'm finished :D Love getting my hair wash A And DIY By - Have all 4 premolars extracted, finally don't have to worry about more syringes poking my mouth Exactly what I needed after 36 hours of Feria Enjoying this beautiful day, studying by the pool. When boredom hits dig a hole in the ground and sit in it :D Some times a girl just needs a me day... One of they days off, were I get absolutely zero done, but am totally fine with it! Wouldn't want it any other way:) It feels so good to be off.. So calm and beautiful. Haulover Beach, Miami haha! Where did that come from? Me, the couch, some Ben Howard, Pinterest, a cup of tea and my twinkling Buddha Ruby Tuesday of Virginia Ave East Point Posted up wit the homegirl House smelling good, laundry on, kitchen bomb, now headed upstairs!! n Cup of tea and the Simpsons perfect day off Great to be home! North Vernon, Indiana Just got back from an amazing over night stay the Suite and spa was amazing. Soaking your feet in hot water is the most amazing feeling ever will leave you and Find out more. All cosy in my joggers after a pretty decent day Surprised mum with a spa day today for her birthday. wendybuc Hahaha i am SOOO out of it Beach after a workout &amp; before work? haha! Where did that come from?must be a time capsule A And DIY By - What an absolutely beautiful day to be home. Did some outside work, went on a run, now tanning on the porch reading a book. Where I spent my last night in Bangkok. Perfect! Asia Herb Association In Miami bitch! by oneillie Cant beat gettin home from work an gettin in a nice long hot bath Watching Sex and the City while reading the new issue of Actually love a cool shower after a boiling hot bubble bath Feels great not having to go to school and work everyday First successful braid out! Finally got the waves I've been wanting! Surprise smoothie and massage at the stressbuster fair? I'm a fan! Not playing assassins was a great decision on my part At work, tea in hand, google reading in the other. Its almost too here today. Two down, one to go! Hot hot hot. Not getting cuffed no time soon . I'm happily single . Calling it a pamper night with my sis. This is how I feel whenever I get my hair washed/massaged before getting my haircut. Viscount &amp; A Cup of Tea Probs not the best idea listening to be Howard whilst writing a philosophy essay... Love a good relaxing bath Lion King and popcorn. Best way to end a day. It's a chill day in today kickin back with a berry mojito on my day off! Sittin at the park, hot as fuck but enjoying the wind and birds before work. the footie and avin a beer Relaxing by the pool, catching some rays, drinking margaritas and eating sushi ... Relaxing for a change with a cheeky glass of wine! Just one of those when I just wanna be at home &amp; like this (_)/ Bath time is my time!! Thank the lord for She keeps me sane when I over think EVERYTHING. Stormy weather equals indoor relaxation Hot bubble baths are the best! An Abundance of Catherines and yumm Just got a free massage in the lair for finals week. I think I might drink a beer or two Fan blowing smoke blowing music blasting food is cooking my room is bomb as fuck at the moment Perfect your off-duty with ONLY 5! jst takin a walk in my own world Nothin better than smokin when yu mad ---&gt; that sensation feeling after you had a bath, I could of fallen asleep there all night In to my onesie and in to bed Finally getting my head back into a book. :D If everyday was this good. How chilled my night time baths are gonna be! Can beat a chilled night and a bubble bath 2 1/2 hour workout...1 hour sun-baking. Hump Day....it's how I get over the mid week. La mujer de mi vida Nothing better then feeling organised !! Rooms just about done, walk done, then for a Lully showerrrrr and bed Back from Ainsworth Body Science feeling relaxed and destressed! Might ache tomorrow but always worth it. Taekwondo is so good for your mental health! After a long day today my legs are destroyed from all the sport today! sitting down now with the legs up watching tv ahhhh Getting into bed after a day like today is literally one of the most amazing things in life... nearly there! Went through the motiins Skipping is relaxing. Im excused so I have nothin to worry about So excited for a chilled weekend Spent the evening watching tv, eating and just had the best bath. Now for an 'early' night Finished my workout out in the pool and hot tub Swim sess after work was absolutely lush Some people drink tea to unwind, I cook. Had a good meni-pedi! Pink Nails &amp; Spa Listening to a bit of Smooth Radio whilst I'm in the bath! Jack Johnson kind of day. Feeling great after my vinyasa yoga class with tonight My favourite film on itv2 now all i need is popcorn and a blazing fire Can sleep relatively stress free tonight Gym session + roasting hot sauna after a bad weekend = Bubble bath to end the day.... Was lush! Reading Games of Thrones with a face mask and bottle of Pinot Tucked up in bed with a green tea watching white chicks It's a John Mayer kind of day. One thing that may top sex for me.. laying in fresh bedding, naked, after a bath Swim and sauna with mel tonight was just what I needed Just spent an hour and a half in the best vanilla bubble bath ever It's nice to do nothing at all:) Already 2 1/2 hours into my mini mini vacay!! Love sittin in the space shuttle Stoneridge Shopping Center yes ... 4 days/3 nights w d lil monsters while I enjoy and dinners Needed that crazy intense boot camp style workout in my life tonight. Relays and pina colada flavored shake Feeling like a million bucks for the first time in a couple weeks. I need this half day Little Luke Bryan music to calm the soul.. Love hills walks with Joe, it's so peaceful up there I can't believe how much a good cuppa changes things. Ahhhh.... sosososoSO glad to be off of work tomorrow!!! Just got back from taking the felt on its first long distance spin. after work! What everybody else doing??! A nice, hot bath is all you need to relax. Been home alone all night, but I'm liking it. I'm so getting used to going to bed without doing any homework. Today was a good day Lavender incense and enjoying the outdoors tonight Great way to spend the night after work That run did me so good. Late dinner with Jess Sab and dan while listening to Lana I'm happy that I know what this is &amp; this is what I want. Yoga before bed I will be asleep in less than 15 minutes I thought after the last 24 hours Durant had he would come out timid in this game, shows what I know I see a dancer in the making! Lily bug loves stretch time! What a great way to end the night. Chillen on my balcony with a glass of pino Just got a massage and straight fell asleep on that bitch.. She woke me up by shaking me. can finally put my foot in the bath :') best one ive had in ages actually thankful I had teeth pulled today. Now I can watch the blazers on pain killers.. Getting my hair played in I never knew taking a super long hot shower had the power to wash all my worries and stress of today away down the drain Stretches before bed and face mask. Sitting on my porch listening to the thunderstorm Cleaned house, now playing skyrim. Chinese and Eurovision later. It's like I'm the only one here. Front row parking. Pool to myself. Man on the Moon Album 