When you finish your final in less than 15 minutes &gt;&gt; A great feeling when your professor tells you at your final conference not to worry about that class because I'm doing awesome! :) 4 more days of school Thank you Jesus, 87% on my last math exam I have my prom dress back from alterations. ok... Glad we got that settled. Thank The Lord, It is finally done. Finally looks like things are going to turn around! Thank God for this long bank holiday weekend. Just paid off my entire credit card balance. It def stings a little, but I know it's for my own good. Don't understand why I'm saying what I'm saying to people but it definitely feels good to get things off my chest So glad to say my baby cousin surgery went well lol as long as I tell my fam I had a mental breakdown about school, then the pressure is off about grades Words cannot define how I feel right now!! God is AWEOME AMAZING ALL powerful! He just turned a block into a step! Both have been / Ambas Once everything is out everything then its feels good" ready for wat I long waited for Thank god it's Friday tomorrow Moment of silence for anyone who has not beaten this game... IT FEELS AMAZING Finally decided to attend Western State this fall Don't think I've ever had a week with soo much relying on each day going well! Last big day tomorrow then bank holiday weekend! Finally done with Science fair Glad I got your opinion Lighters now being thrown onto the field in Juventus Arena. Guess it doesn't happen just in Turkey then. It feels so good to finally be done and stress free I've been so stressed all day about making this phone call but it just went so perfect Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! Just destroyed my last final Last round of comp practices before Nationals practice in July 40 pages later and I'm done with my business stats report The feeling of being done with school for the summer will never get old. Offered a position as a credit analyst at BMO. Feels good to have something set up for after graduation. Took me days but finally finalised my message! Omg I think I actually passed sociology Crisis averted! Dr Pepper's fur is getting darker again! Must've been a delayed reaction to the weather. Well, I'm going to Beloit..and I can play baseball so that's pretty cool too So excited to finally know where I will be student teaching next year Thank god, I was anxiously anticipating the beat drop I thought I had a final to take on the 7th but then I realized my final for that class was a questionnaire I filled out yesterday When you ask for peace from God, he will give it to you. Risked checking my grades, and I feel such a huge weight off my shoulders now (: Finally done with that pathophysiology final. Yesss, thank you so much for that suggestion! whew Happy May 1st! Thanks to and I now have health insurance. Feels to be insured. It's weird that I had my last class ever today....2 finals next week and I'm done with school forever!!! Okay then Siri.. Okay then.. I swear Yeah!! Finally got scheduled for my shoulder evaluation and hopefully afterwards I'll be able to start therapy soon. So thankful for google right now! Free answers for psych! IT. IS. OVER!! The most stressful and terrifying time of senior presentations is done! Got the room I wanted for next year! Living on second floor Van Winkle!!! Bye bye everything for the research paper Finally done with school this semester! My brain is finally free ... for the night at least. So my hair turned out to look pretty good, thank God cause if it didn't,I would've to cut it all again I feel like a weights been lifted off my shoulders I was a little worried I'm happy I got those emails telling me what happened That honestly went better than I had hoped! So much more quiet when your siblings aren't around just announced she's stuck in traffic. When you finally find a garter after searching that matches your dress Broke the news to Dave about my tattoo and he wasn't mad. That boxing session with the cousin and sister was tight! Some body beer me! Presidential Briefing is over and done with! My mom likes my cat! Yay!!!! Week full of travel and still all kms clocked in by Friday! Officially going to be spending next year with Just turned in my last essay for my (hopefully) last college English class I found my planner! Reminds me of high school class. After standing for so long makin food, it feels awesome to sit BOOOM. Just submitted my last paper for the year. I'll hold for the applause Finally done with all of my scholarship interviews! You just made me feel so much better. a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I'm feeling pretty confident about the decision I'm about to make catching up on my GG cause I haven't watched it in like a month Fairly seldom. Although I attended a house that had been 'broken into' earlier, where nothing had been taken at all. I can truly say GOD's perfect peace is at work within me right now I'm officially done with biology forever! That didn't take too long.. All caught up on my homework for mid-quarter. Just got done the last math exam and class of my life. I don't know what feels better, being done with civ or being done with intermediate Received my license today to practice and last day of class EVER tomorrow! Dissertation chapter 4 done &amp; sent for review! Only a little bit left to write, then it's down to edits! After 5 months of worry &amp; uncertainty found out all is fine The fact that I have a job now &gt; Officially done with college! Holy hell... Never thought I would say that. Today has literally been an answer to our prayers So at long last party of 4 is confirmed at the Mark Hopkins and great tickets to Candlestick Park on 8/14! The most amazing apple guy magically fixed my laptop!! Aint got no work till Monday :) So happy to have that Reflective Journal done and out of the way! Love not having to worry about assignments, exams, and essays. The BP gas station on celanese rd. Men's restroom is now closed temporary. Damn you Wendys frosty! Better late than never, but finally know what I'm doing this summer So happy my party invitations are done! That was one heck of a team talk! Wowza. running seriously makes me feel so much better I never have to look at that 300+ page art portfolio ever again Inner Asian took the wheel Done with two back to back midterms! And I feel good about them too! Can't look at CUNY First anymore. Registration pressure finally done Finally got the sympathetic adrenal medulla system and hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis figured out down to a T!:D Surgery went well, got a big ass wrap thing on my arm now. Been there since 9 in the morning, I'm just glad it's over. being done with finals is like farting right when girls leave the room Officially done with my sophomore year of college!! Finals are over for this semester! Lets focus on some business &lt;3. Our presentation went almost perfectly. I am just so glad it is over and that everyone loved it. All the stress was well worth it. I am now a Volvo Master Technician!! The other seasons came back on! Finally finished....I'm the worst procrastinator!! Lol :) No class all day means i get to finally do nothing! I am SO happy that these 2 weeks of testing is finally over! Hope my final on Tuesday is prepared to be aced! Long time in the making, but I think it's finally over So glad to be done with my first year of college Officially done oral communication! Hopefully that means I will never have to give another speech again. Finished the dissertation today! Do me proud! So thankful that everyone is safe at the Dallas City Elementary School. I have never been so scared for my kids HOLY SHIT I PASSED CHEM 117 I can't even believe this. Done with Sociology haha no final for me! 27 bucks later I got my Mucinex I panicked there for a minute. Then remembered I speak Russian. Final assignment of the semester, and I don't even care that it's a 10 page paper No better feeling knowing that tomorrow is Friday The days after u completed two major assignments got an A on my performance exam! man I was stressing out on this for a week! lol Last class of sophomore year-. Final Field experience typed and submitted-. Now time to start packing and cleaning. All finals worked out and now it's officially summer break and I can breathe again. finally sorted my hair, make up, spray tan, nails, shoes, dress, and bag for prom I thought I was the only one! loool haha! Thank u so much !. this is exactly what i needed Done with 3 classes and finishing a 4th on Monday then it's just chem After a week I finally have my schedule set for next semester Wes is okay and the guy has been caught. Crying happy tears!!!! Nothing but great feedback on our 473 presentation Just finished my last of three finals for the day, so happy that's over Gonna be out of that apartment by the first so glad i'm done with state testing Well done drama crew, its finally over! All the stress from finals and grades is gone. Great end of the year meeting with my coach! ended on a positive note Just home from school, finished NJASK (Testing) today. English was so much better than I expected, adios advanced higher! So good to get that off my chest. Moving swiftly on. Prob just failed that math final but I'll still have an A! Finally things are starting to fall together So glad that my graduation speech is done and over with! I have a b on that? No prob! Finally done with the semester Woooooow! He said I did amazing!! Well my grades were good enough that I can stay in school another year. At least she told me that she's never smelled cigarette smoke on me This is the best day ever!!!! This time tomorrow I'll be on a plane I was worried for a presentation and it turned out pretty well. Did waay better than expected on micro My Entrepreneurship minor is complete! Well now that thats resolved Just took the worlds biggest poop Olivia had a fantastic first time at Brownies Can believe I had my LAST voice jury this morning! Scared me for a minute...thought he meant width of theater seats! After prom plans finally figured out Only the formatting and checking my references left to do and it looks like I'll be off to the binders tomorrow!! 27 page music project is finished! That feeling you get when you turn in the last paper of the semester. 13 handwritten and 7 printed out spectrums later... I have finally complete organic lab After looking at my grades I can actually breathe this summer Finally I can focus on what I want instead of running around trying to make everyone else happy The feeling when you finally get your dress and it fits perfectly&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 1 exam to go.... the end is in sight! Guess who's not actually failing Asian history? This girl! This gorgeous Jadie feeling better Thank god for google guys snapchat update hasn't been released in the app stores yet, so don't worry everyone. It's a massive sense of accomplishment when you finish a big book project like The Last Lion Thank The Lord that's done! wear your males??? Was wondering what on earth you had on First time in what feels like the entire semester I only have one test on Friday instead of two. Immunology all covered with 2 weeks to read around / nail the content When you just finished typing and it hits zero characters First thing popped in my head when Dantoni resigned. Let it go, let it go. Can't hold back anymore. Officially going to be an intern for the summer in RVA! Marketing essay is finally done!! Done my last practical test until my June final Thank you God for watching over me today and allowing the best decisions to be made for our family. The best moment is when you work your ass off and it works. Cleaning your email inbox from 62 down to only 11. I was scared to open that email, it was gone either make or break me. Last class of junior year of college! UConn It'll be a sad day when I cut this hair. Only one more day to go, then 3 days off, thank god I don't work retail anymore It feels so good to be done with school! happy I get to do my RPS clinicals w/ my sis today Both my science mock done thank god. Officially done with my freshman year of college Thank god today is over! Finished all of my finals for the semester! That biology test was great!!!! Not mad about my first final so glad Italian Controlled Assessment is over Done with my last final woohoo EHRMAGERD, it's graduation day!!!! I can't even begin. I have been in tears all day. Cba to make mine look pretty, it's done and good friggin riddence!! Thankful for my mom &amp; girls! ATI was on my side this morning Finished exams today and officially half of college. Getting out of going to the park with rainbows. Wooooooohoo! Passed my presentation for global &amp; social nutrition Yoooo I got 3 more finals to take then I'm gonna walk for graduation! It's almost over! Done with my first year of college!!! After today only one music tech assignment to finish Finally done with all of my exams It was just a bad sensor. Replaced for free under warranty. The fact that I can't even stress about school because this last week is going so smoothly! Thank God we had no exams today Just shit myself because i misheard my phone bill being 90 instead of 19. "You don't need to be a music-blog-obsessed hipster to get in on the fun." Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! Due to poor fantasy drafting I am now left to cheer for the rangers and the kings. I'd only have perry if la lost last night My presentation went very well and I going through the whole test after class in her mad dash&gt;&gt;&gt; Officially finished with junior year of college,and couldn't be happier :D Ayye i think i did pretty good in this presentation lol better than the last one for sure I feel so much better about taking my mtels today just turned in 103 hours Just picked up my squat rack, barbell, and free weights from my old apartment and with that I'm completely done with Ansley Forest Tutors just sent me my action plan through I AM NOT BEHIND OMG happy me ! Hit up Dobby Bodd last night for a bit of finals luck. So happy to be done Yay! I finally received my overseas ballot confirmation email for the 2015 I passed my exam with an " A " Passed my sport management test. Graduating with a sport management degree! Just finished the last lab practical of A&amp;P. Completed my 2nd Safari Half Marathon this morning - started well but seemed to hit a wall around 15km so last third took me ages! Finally woke up not screaming in a pool of my own urine for once. Very satisfied with my nursing final grade Successful tutorial means I finally have a research proposal and a dissertation title! Finally Internet connection available! Oh, yeah! Woooooooooo last assignment of my first year handed in! Thank god this last calc chapter is just finding areas of graphs Feeling less of a wimp on learning that yesterday was the 5th rainiest in NYC EVER. Passed my first level 5 module at Uni! Not that great, but it's the best this year. Last assignment of the year done 103 on my Calc test! What up! Officially done with classes this semester!! My paper is pretty dope Got the 2048 tile so now I can finally start studying for finals It's officially my last day as a sophomore &amp; the finish to my first semester of nursing school! They know this city so well... So happy to be done with that paper and presentation I finally handed in my geography report. My friend is back to France finally! She just landed in Paris and she sounded fine. Change Leadership assignment has been submitted! Fingers crossed for a good mark. x As of lastnight I officially have a college roomate...yaaaaaas! Finally! This dissertation is finally done Thank you Army Corps of Engineers ! No flooding in my basement or even on my street! That moment you wake up and realize it was just a dream. thought I was gonna have to kick some ass Up and finishing my last final!!!!! Thank god this semester is over at 3! Happy May x Today is the last big test day of the this week. grades for empirical inquiry were posted, and I passed one of the most difficult poli sci courses I've taken so far Damn good thing I take notes in history Heart to heart lungs to lungs liver to liver talk Relieved to be migraine free again this morning Well. After all the trouble it caused when I first got it, my car has redeemed itself by passing it's MOT Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! It wasn't difficult, wasn't easy either.... ;) When you finally give up on that one person that never gave you the time of day Refuse to hold up under torture. There's no better way than to talk and cry it all out. Safety Advisory Group met yesterday and happy with our application. Road closure granted. Entries will now open on Saturday Isa sa pinakamagandang bagay na narinig ko from my mom. Thank you Father God! Passed another Vet Nursing Exam All exams done and passed woohoo Feels good to let out what you've been holding back so long! Accumulation of a years work! Turned on radio in shower to and thought they were talking about ....with terms like "saxophone," "best saxophone songs" and what not...and I FINALLY found it! WHEW! :) And sometimes it's those 3 am phone calls &gt;&gt; So happy I got see you tonight Although Its been a struggle for me all year to stay motivated, I appreciate every second I've put in on this project. itscrazy It aint nothin to cut that bitch off! Panic over thought I had a cataract but turns out to be a glob of marmalade on my glasses Pretty sure I got an A on my psych final today. Such a good feeling. Poppin advils while my feet are soaking in jells. Ah feeling so relaxed after a painful day. Don't know how I do it but somehow always end up doing my best work at the last minute after weeks of complaints and anxiety Glad this 3200ISO image is coming out great in 24x30 Never thought I'd say this...but it's good to finally be home can't believe it its may day! Well it was hard to choose between cal poly pomona and chico but I picked a school finally Got in the car this morning to realise I've got just enough petrol to drive to the station and back! I'm quite glad my phone's been acting up... the bundle of nyols that was almost tweeted in the interim *hiding* *wipes brow* Dedicated my whole day to do my hw Awesome news yesterday: realtor found a tenant for my house! 10 page paper and presentation COMPLETE! Done dealing with those problems! Hooray! :D Gonna go for inter college CF rally later! It feels so good to vent Well I feel pretty damn confident in my final paper! Finally cleared my to-do list Good thing I got Scott in the "Which Kardashian Are You?" Buzzfeed quiz. Honestly went in expecting the worst, yet I walked out with the biggest heart warming feeling Hearing that makes everything 100x better! Finished with a 3.55 GPA for the semester although I wish those two B+ grades I received were A's also!! Speech is over... Life's good! you can have him!!! Please feel free, there's a no return policy as well So that now knows what piece of furniture she would be &amp; what color her hair should be this summer. That amazing moment at midnight when you finally finish a paper, Can't wait to start practicing in a different wrestling room next monday! Maaaaaaan ive been waitin a good year or so to snap on you like that .. Glad to know that everything's better now! So glad I can stop stressing over that paper I told my mama !!:) She wasn't mad nor did she kill me !!:D I feel hell'a better , now that she knows . Finally hearing back from all my professors and getting good news!! Got an interview at rutters! It's all those little things.. it feels so good to have finally have gottem that off my chest I love that Megan is becoming a teenage bitch &amp; she takes most of the heat from my mom now. Why would I feel sorry,, I actually have smile from ear to ear School is finally done... FOR NOW lol. Finally finished the last paper for the last English class I'll ever have to take. Oh thank goodness. I can call off the search party now Once these OAA's are over, the rest of the year should be worry free It's a good day when you get a perfect on the second try for the psych quiz. Coming to the realization that he will be there no matter what happens. the best thang I did was stop giving a fck That moment when your mom calls by your full name and it's not because your in trouble... You guys don't understand, I was on the verge of tears when I heard D'Antoni was supposed to coach the Lakers next season lol I love it when a plan comes together It feels so good to finally finish the school work I was stressing so much about Nobody even knows how happy I am without you in my life Finally figuring out what I wanna do with my life never felt better Finally got my graduation dress I feel so relieved with that taken care of! May is going to be amazing!!! I cannot wait for it!! Thank you Twitter for letting me know its raining, I dont have windows in my house Basketball was much needed today Last big project of the semester! I can do it man. One more day. My aunts brain surgery was successful! Thank you God! just finished fixing my english essay One of the best feelings is take off high heels and walking barefoot. feels so good to get that weight off my chest. Now I can sleep (actually probably not) buttt Officially moved out!!! Goodbye 819, it was fun til it wasn't Idk how my sister takes my rants but I feel so much better! Talking to uncle about personal stuff.. I kinda wished this day would come and now that it did i feel closer! Two of my and after the 8pg paper done and submitted.. That just made my whole night. MADE A 90 ON MY MICROBIO RESEARCH PAPER Just got home. Ripped off a starchy ass fart in the car. Now I'm taking a pretty solid dump on the toilet. University of Delaware class of 2018 So happy to FINALLY be able to say that I'm officially going to be attending Northwestern University next fall! I'm officially done with my online class and I could not be any happier! Thank you. My tracker showed a stop in Montreal. Discrepancy? Dissertation finally finished at 2:50 am :D SOOOO glad you didn't have my class today so I know this isn't about me. I have finally decided where I'm going to college haha I was so nervous but I did it. Lol. When you put on your bridesmaid dress and it fits perfectly Just aced my last Calculus test!! Im so happy D'Antoni resigned as Lakers coach! Best decision Mike D'antoni ever made At the end of the day when I take this brace off i feel like a girl taking off her bra. Not a fan, but I hate D'Antoni, so thank God he's gone lol. Finished my last essay just in time! A huge weight just fell off my shoulders. The little two hour workout I just finished felt great! It acted as a good stress reliever and cleared my mind. I've finally made a decision Got done with research paper...time to start doing flips in the air! Glad I got that off my chest did not remember that text! Ha now I don't have asking me so many questions We finally found Tiberious! I'm so happy I could cry Finally getting a chance to relax. My pops made it out of surgery and is doing fine. Thank God! 1st semester at Ann Arbor is COMPLETE. Doc says the knee is fine, just inflamed. Meds, knee brace, and back at it! Wow all day I thought it was Tuesday venting about a lot of things going on in your life as a study break is just too great. I'm just so glad today's over!! For a new $32,000 truck, my insurance only went up by $50 a month! *sigh* seven days straight of work and finally getting a break. Need to make a 6/100 on my final to get an A I ran 10 minutes straight at PT this afternoon! I'm not even sure how to put this feeling into words. Just arrived home. wow gr8 visit me now maybe everything is going to work out okay... After 4 days of hard work I have finally completed my child psych final research paper 8 out of 9 assignments completed for the month of April!! and I got an extension on my last one I finally finished my outline. Finally decided on a prom hairstyle I'm glad no one in that elevator was the devil Passed my certification exam!!! I am now a Certified Professional Coder!! Just finished my speech &amp; I didn't pass out or die! This day just got 100 times better!!!! Glad I got that off my chest I thought that one was gone .. To anyone who understands my dramatic but relevant tweets:The result is a yes in a month but a no for now for the right position! Final assignment of grad school is turned it! the fact that Eric won't be moving in the immediate future&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Glad I got that off my shoulders. Shoutout to my best friend for holding it down love you Just did a shit load of homework I don't really know how I got away free with this, maybe my luck is getting better Thank god today is the last day I will ever have 3 chem classes on one day Done with the SATs until next year at first glance I thought this said Ronald Mc Donald So glad that English is out the way now, just 1 more exam to go A minute long piss. haha FINALLY got my watch back from after 4 ridiculous months One extra quiet hour at work and a major lingering coding issue is resolved :) I can go home now blood test results came and im all clear. Last assignment of first year just submitted Turned in my last paper of the year today Haha that average for the physics final...Glad I was no where close to that! Finally figured out the song I couldn't name. Finally a grade at uni that I can be proud of! i just realized i am more than halfway done with all of the assignments i have left to do for the semester. Parents didn't check powerschool today ... Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! Manuscript submitted. AOA poster complete. Symposium presentation done. Can finally take a research break until post-boards Done with 490 thank God Been a tough few days but things worked out in the end All I need to do this semester is drop off two lab reports tomorrow morning before work, and that is it. Senior Project is finished.. I'm checking out. Praise God, I could catch her in time! Maybe now I'll be able to sleep tonight. Got on twitter worried that tweeted my shames hahaha Well that's one less thing on my plate. Well.... Lighting Class assignment ended up sorta well that was so hard but hopefully everything is sorted and gonna work out Can always count on you for a clutch performance haha I deleted all the pics of him because I thought he had a gf. I was out all day anxious to see if you met cam home now and happy to see that you did Suprisingly my paper that I thought was shit, the people that edited it loved it 3 days until my last shift Sometimes it's time to say Hands up I'm done.... Now is that time I love procrastinating as much as the next person, but it really feels great to get stuff done early. After all that, Oscar has chicken pox! They tricked me and made me think I had to get up at 6 tomorrow. I love the feeling of finishing a project Feels good to be finally registered for Fall Classes! I used to think I had the breaking news curse. Oh no, I am not quite certain that has been passed along to ii just took the biggest dump of my life can you say explosive I'M FINALLY DONE WITH THIS ARGUMENTATIVE PAPER!!!! All my exams are done, now I can finally relax I would do anything for an animal in danger, even if Im at risk of getting hurt. And just like that I'm done with the semester Done with all my classes till finals!! Great evening with the MA group! One less thing to worry about! I honestly don't feel anything anymore when I see you Just finished my last paper of my undergrad Finally done with Finals! Time for my summer to begin! Woohoo! The venue I wanted for the shower just became available!!!! Waiting for my contract to make it official. Microchip your pets! My cat managed to get WAY far from home in less than 48 hours and was miraculously found thanks to her chip. My bag and hard drive are now safely back in my possession, a backup and import in progress. I guess it's true - things always work out in the end So glad that's finally over with I passed giving 3 injections for competency testing!!! A thousand pounds of weight has been lifted from my shoulders NEWS OF THE DAY!! I got an 88% on my Stats final, &amp; B+ grade over all! I cannot tell you how much stress that takes off my mind. that made me feel so much better Finally finished my Physical Project Report after a total of 30 hours!! This makes me the happiest person in the world!! So glad math and biology are over. Passed my art history class Anatomy final is done, now to just study for Math Monday and I am done! Learnt how to twerk, Finally! Just belatedly seen the new furniture - I approve :) Learnt how to twerk, Finally! Really happy with my final grades! Finished my sociology essay :D Just sent in my last final! Officially done with my first year of college!!! It's nice not having anything big to worry about 40 minute senior studies presentation Hella just teared when I came to the room Nightmare day. Total breakdown - not just of appliances. Thankfully, a very good friend saved my sanity I never again have to write a paper for school!!!! Having my replaced bc defective headphone jack. Thought I'd have to be Sophomore year =over thank god Update: no one has stolen my duck umbrella *lol* That's awesome ,cuz it saved me from having a real date! via Got my prom dress back! Thank goodness. Finally found my mom her Mother's Day gift! My Lola Rose is gonna be ok. I *finally* got a follow up appointment with my specialist. Been trying since Feb 4. Booked for June 5. Done with the semester and I've never felt so good. Just when I was fixing to cry bc of how broke I am my tax return deposited into my account! YAY I've done all I can do This girl is officially done with high school classes! Im done with finals and everyone is stressing theirs! So glad CU finishes early! Gotta love when you get great advice and direction!! All things are possible through God. Including this 7 page paper. so glad i have awesome professors to help me get everything straightened out They live!!!!!!! My boots have recovered from hunting last weekend, just in time for and Two more days this week, AP test Monday, and then school is pretty much over. Movies for daaays! Feeling so much better about this final project. Done with exams!!! Hello junior year and hello summer!!! Seeing my dad is just what I needed. I can finally breathe. So glad that presentation is done. My Internet Browser without my bookmarks looks lifeless! Finally exported my them from Firefox (Dell) to safari (on my new mac) My art exam was fun but annoying at the same time. Glad i got through the first half safely!! I'm glad I said that I feel soo much better Wow I can breath now. Western civ final being done is basically the end of my freshman year of college. So glad that all of my hard finals are done! The Lord was with me in my jury! I pulled C, D, &amp; B out of the scale bag! I survived! After a month of hard graft, 60 pages and 10500 words later I have finally finished my dissertation My mind literally makes up the worse possible scenarios about something I end up being worried but it never actually happens. Glory to God my boss gave me my raise and soon going to be in a higher position! Just found out my 15-20 page single spaced paper is actually only 6-9 pages, single spaced! Just took my last on-campus final! is back online!!! Thanks to the team for handling the situation so well, and for working so hard to fix it!! 7 days and I'm officially done with freshmen year! I just took my last singing exam for ear training ever and I couldn't be happier I'm completely done with undergrad! That feeling when all of your grades finally get posted. When you get everything off your chest, its a great feeling. Just finished my last class ever!!! And its done: I officially got rid of my apartment. Just handed in my keys and parking pass. Officially done with regular classes at MC So happy to finally have my Summer Ball dress!! When you find out finals are next week not this week. I'm a fairly easygoing gal, but sometimes I throw a fit just before the pieces come together. Since I survived these past 2 weeks, I can now survive anything. Well after a 48 hour delay in my travels I'm finally just about home Finally over with the Spanish presentation . has eliminated the weekly headache of finding out who's showing up to the game and what our lines are going to be! Woohoo I PASSED THE EXAM. Now going to try other exams hehe Dyslexia was talking about that today without drama people who do understand it and she has it too :) God bless college professors that cancel their finals. Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! Just finished my last assignment of the semester. 4 finals is all that stands between me and summer. I've become such a better person since I stopped hanging out with all of you shit talkers Passing Finance class has to be one of my greatest accomplishments to date! Just finished my last ever uni assignment! HAHAHA OMG I JUST GOT OFFERED THE POSITION I WANTED!!!!! YAY!!!!! Finally finished the rough draft for my semester project for media writing! I thought that would be harder than it was. WE GOT A HOUSE FOR NEXT YEAR!!! Not what I expected when I left the room today. Just glad everything is worked out now This is what happiness looks like these days! Dissertation done and submitted! 96 on my stage check and it was my first time landing on our small runway. Feels so good to finish that paper! Finally got all my Rowan stuff done! almost started crying after learning I don't have to present Finally two out of three projects finished That makes me feel a whole lot better Photo shoot done and photos look amazing Just had an extremely reassuring phone call. Only one more final exam today and research paper Friday before my first year of college is over! Never been this happy about doing well on an exam Moms op went well and coming home and Nans coming out of hospital too! And all is good in the universe...for now. Finally finished my home ec project and it actually looks grand!! Just walked out of of business for potentially the last time ever. So many emotions Ayeeeee im the one an only So happy, my son's heart murmur is nothing worry about :) Because of :) Such courage Mommy! Iloveyouu! Thanks once again for your concern! I am feeling so :* That is such a weight off my shoulders A- on my 14 page paper!! I woke up and immediately checked my phone. The last class of English I will ever have to take is today! Man today has just been a vent day and i feel so much better Last speech for my communication class! Felt like English went surprisingly well... Done done done with spring semester Finally finished my entire practical for Cosmo today, &amp; in all I so made it my bitch Done done done with spring semester Well part of my stats final is done I feel a lot better today thank goodness idk what has been wrong with me these last couple days So happy I've passed my science and dt assignments :)!! Could of been so much worse Got into my Hotmail, it's all moved now! Just got so much help on my essay Was really nervous about my children's literature final but found out I was only two points away from a perfect score! Submitted my LAST Psychology research paper! Thank god!!! THANK GOD They're still showing Spider-man 2 in the Philippines!! HAHA Soo happy to have completely done my epq and bacc FINALLY!! I finished my testing and my stress finally gone!! was anyone else at all when their was over? o_O 2 more classes to complete by next week than im done some justice has been done. Found out why my car wouldn't start. It was the key. Wooo assignment results finally out of the way and pleased with what i've got! after getting the train to my nearest comic shop (worrying all the way) I have secured my copy of ASM 1 :-D At least the 2 kids next to me haven't even started their papers &amp; I'm half way done! Thank the gods, I'm done! I'm pretty sure I just kicked that chem finals ass like for real I'm talking 'A' material shit here Finally got the monkey off my back. All exams takes all exams passed! So thankful I didn't waste more than a second on you Just calculated my grade and I can get a high D on the final exam and still get an A in the class overall! Im pretty sure i passed my Bio exam and survived the class Finished up my engineering group project this morning! Holding my breath as I send in my geography project.... Thank god that's over with!! I start nursing school next week but don't start clinical til fall I feel 20 pounds lighter after this presentation finally interview done, think it went well tbh Well that's a weight lifted from my shoulders!! 2 papers down, 2 to go Thankful or my first day off since last Monday!!!! gonna smoke good and watch movies I thought it was just me whew......you had me about in tears there for a minute!! Hehe FINALLY!!! I finished my 8 page research paper Can't believe I'm working on my last case study (of undergrad that is) Yayyyyy !!! The big day is not during our Europe tour !!! Thank you Loong Suthep !!! best part of interviews today: my teachers didnt mention my crappy sac marks!! :) Last final done!! PTL God did great things this semester, but I'm still so glad it's done! PASSED MY DRIVING TEST !!!!!! You know it's gonna be one of those days when your Senior English teacher decides to quit without telling her students Mcdonald's to celebrate a successful morning Just handed in my final dissertation I feel so much better after last night! That history finally couldn't have went any better! Heeeeyy, thank God for life! Last day of exams! this ends the rumor between and !!! whats up water is back!! Yay no more water rationing Got a first in my essay Last night, I just can't believe I finally did it. Dissertation has been bound!! Just hand in and then it's all over!! Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! My moms a damn angel. I don't care what anyone says.. Luckily have invalidated original tix &amp; will have them ready at venue for collection Those lovely people and sorted it all out. Hurrah for excellent customer service! phew!!! PowerPoint would not work, so spoke from the heart right to the point of tears. The panel were so nice. Jurisdiction, Universal, Territorial, National..one last slog for the big final assessment then schools out for summer!!! First time in ages I am pain free no toothache or anything Finished. End of year assessment cake is finally completed. And so my ownership of a mercedes ends Didn't know na I had to return to the lady pa. Nadelay tuloy yung divorce namin na dapat three or four weeks ago pa. Sigh. Amazing night at Old Trafford on Monday. Glad everything came together well. Huuuuge weight off my shoulders SUBMITTED ANOTHER ASSIGNMENT AND GOT THE ATTENDANCE FOR THE DAY! My tweet to AP didn't send at first, thought I was in twitter jail I drank a coffee &amp; a monster around 9pm. My heart feels like it's going to explode. But I got so much shit done. Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! Stuck for an hour at APC. Finally on the road in our rescue ride It's a good feeling making friends rather than enemies and apologizing when you were being dumb. I passed my L's drivers test !!! 88% wahoo !!! Yes just finished one of my exams! Halfway through the week &amp; tomorrow's a holiday! \o/ I just finished two 3 page papers and one 10 page paper ended up being a 52 page report haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan Been working on this project for 10 hours straight and now I'm finally done. Pulled my grade in Bio lab up to a B as my final grade! Thank you God!! Goooooood it sure does feel good to get all of that paperwork done though!!! Actually got some homework done tonight I'm glad I got that off my chest. Knowing my sisters okay finally can let me sleep 93% on my Junior Project and 100% on my unit test ! :D Wow, feeling so relieved now that it's settled mind and action wise. Finally finished w/ lead points My life has already gotten drastically better after being done with English 101 and it has only been a couple hours. 5 hours later and 106 terms/people i am done with APUSH review! :D Completed my last set of case studies!!!! 11 pages and 2,432 words later I have finally finished my psych paper I've decided to go law school next year YAAY!!!" Yaaaaaaaaay !!!!! After this summer I can say I lived in Maryland! It feels good knowing I have a place to live while I'm interning in DC. Done with this weeks college tests. Finally realized something that I should have noticed a long time ago. Finally finished the last APUSH study guide Feels amazing to be laying in my own bed at home watching Greys Anatomy with no work to worry about! Spent all day fixing my schedule to meet my preferences. Finally done and I'm feeling good about it. okay good that's what I thought but couldn't remember! Well that went differently then I thought it would Great talk with my dad ... Honestly in a good mind state right now Tomorrow is the last day I have to wake up at 6:45am!! Last 8am class this semester!! Well that's one less thing to worry about... I'm going to sleep so well tonight now that I've heard from my mom! &amp; that will go in the top 3 of the most difficult things I've ever had to do.. He finally told me why he left me after three month he finally told me.. after all i went through and he waited till now. God now i can sleep with absolutely no worry that my girl will be tattooing another week I didn't think that getting over you would be this "easy" because I'm actually starting to forget you. Finally I'm done with writing essays pheew! I was afraid you wouldn't! I need a 7% on the biochem 2 final in order to pass the class. Holy shit I've finished my chem lab and my English essay. I've been glued to the computer since 3:45 I foresee the Clippers to be unstoppable tonight. Golden State does not stand a chance Thought I lost one of my favorite sweatshirts. Turns out it's in Wisconsin Now I can hear about the movie Divergent and not think about cal 2 Thought I was 30min. Late to the first communion rehearsal, but I was right on time. Exactly 1 month left of school! Got my schedule for next semester all figured out It finally all paid off!!! So glad these night classes are over! Back to am classes. Best news I got in along time I finished vocab so quick tonight. And my last paper of the semester is finished! Glad that I can take my final early. Now that I've finished my 15 page paper, I have no idea what to do with myself Done, done, done, done, done!!!!!! I am so done! New glasses! I can see! Omg i'm like really happy rn bc i finally got that all over with The way I feel after a hard run&gt;&gt;&gt; Finally got all my school stuff done and got in the program I wanted Glad I got that all out.. Especially to someone who I know cares. if he ever saw my Twitter page I'd be so embarrassed I'm glad he doesn't read my tweets...!!! finally. you're out of my life and not my problem anymore. Dont have to report to sum1 dont have to fight and argue wit sum1 bout where im at and who im with. So glad all my college stuff is finally done That moment when your computer restarts and you lost all your work, then you realize you were using google docs Clean closet, fresh shoe rack, clean room. Finished my presentation for my business class I found all of our cats, right before the thunderstorm When you get everything off your chest, its a great feeling. Officially done with writing the last paper of the semester! Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! I love how much music can completely eliminate stress and clear the mind of any burdens it holds. The stress thrown at me today was so worth it. Finally got the dishes done. Took my last math test ever today It's been a long time since I've vented to someone and got things off of my mind. Tonight was much needed Woohoo for finishing English projects at 12:30 in the morning Thank fucking god I passed Biochem! And thanks to the curve that rewarded me a B in the class Grandpa is out of surgery and doing well Hearing about finals week makes me so thankful that I'm done. fiu. got that off my chest. Okay looking at my grades wasn't that bad.. :) Finally done with my Spanish project and Anthro paper that I been working on for what feels like 48 straight hours!!! win by one. Me right now... No more stress for Vianey tonight Boo traffic stoping me get to my celebratory drink Feels like a weight has been lifted off of my shoulders! Last paper of my college career is finished Just submitted a project that I've been working on all semester I knew I wasn't gonna go to sleep until I found my hedgehog &amp; guess what I got her! Spam tweeting at its finest! The good thing tho is I have deleted all of 'em! Yesterdays little cover up session went really well Thank baby Jesus I got my term paper done!!! One week left and I'll have finished 3rd year Finished three quizzes before midnight AND I got good grades on them. I feel so much better and relaxed now. After many many strenuous hours, my 12 page paper is finally done! sorry I couldn't reply and answer everyone's questions. Just wrote my last paper ever in my college career 18 pages later... I have finished my college sophomore English class! So to have figured out some of the I've been trying to sort through That awesome feeling when you complete and submit tons of school work . It's crazy how just hearing someone's voice can change everything Can't believe my highest mark was on math, but hey you never know the future Good to know.... :) *phew Alhamdulillah it wasnt me they were looking for! LOL:-D Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! started the weekend super bummed then erased that feeling with super happy emotions and shit Had a serious of the way to the bus this morning nearly going over my ankle again God bless those times where things actually work in my favor. Phew! So I decided to gift myself a forgiving heart on my birthday. 3 assignments handed in this week I'm glad I didn't do anything to embarrass myself last night. Passed my 2nd law assignment for this unit! Thank fuck for that, mouth feels ten times better Best news of the day getting mums medical results, actually it's the best news of the year. YES! No exams on my 21st birthday! Thank you God! And UCS. I am over the moon we've finished stripping that fucking roof, hit the road to home now Handed in my last piece of coursework for the year! Thank God for that! I was so nervous about going to the bank today, but the meeting turned out well. I am and :) Ugh just had a major panic on thinking someone had nicked my police car. I had just walked into the wrong street That said, the following day the rotator was down for 11 hours, also my fault New sofa now installed. It was a close call though... Yesterday my kids came in singing "Wrecking Ball." Luckily, they were singing "I came in like a softball!" Paid off my class dues &amp; got my prom tickets! 3 hours and I'll have the finished product in hand!! When you've been constipated and the 1s pooper comes out lmfao Last real day of class Submitted my last piece of coursework for this year Our concert went great! Best one yet! It was fun and our orchestra got the most applause! Dark horse was hit aswell! Thank The Lord I found my criminology notebook Finally happy with my major for next year French oral done and dusted Two more hours of high school and I'm done! So I definitely thought I was gonna be late then I realized I woke up an hour earlier than I thought. Finally taking the cheer bag back!! Finally going to box tomorrow with Excellent on my American History EOC And sophomore year is finally done. Done with school until June. Now to work my big girl job! This hair cut was overdue. This morning I learned that if you step on the scale while it's sitting on carpet you will have a mini heart attack.. Nothing makes your day better than accepting a job offer. Won't be unemployed when I graduate 3 month check is good! Got past that 5th test this time! so happy all my studying paid off for the lab practical Best news I've heard all year Done classes for junior year Back home after fighting heavy traffic She has been located, thank goodness. Dissertation finally done with, now to relax and wash my car! Wohooo everything turned out a-okay! love it when ur the hospital n all the nurses are super nice and funny. Really comforting. GOT A 100% ON MY LAB FINAL!!!! 14 days of school left until leave! And the dissertation is handed in! Moment of panic when your tax form is returned. Turns out I just didn't sign it. My goodness The Lord is so good! Received the best news this morning. Hug the ones you love bc life can change in an instant. Done with my freshman year of College! Finally im free! One of the best feelings. Goodbye dissertation! Finallly Its RAINING here in Kolkata !!!! *Dhinka Chika* Can't believe I wrote a Finance paper well! [$183.99 Drop] LOWER ARM ASM Officially moved in to deans! Realizing I don't have any more clinicals is a priceless feeling I got the job I wanted!!!!! A lush end to a shitty week of oral exams! Is it too early for a ros? Best feeling in the world, just passed my math final! There is no greater feeling than punching out two essays right away in the morning I love pooping!!! I just took the biggest poop and now I feel great Final QC watch-thru of avec at b4 it becomes the finished master DCP. Art practical done and dusted !!! Finally got my college algebra final out of the way Feelin very at peace , you could say I am a humble bumble bee today! Finally got a good ISA result in physics Time for some serious xboxing now ! All this spare time on my hands oh and a serious drink !! I'm so pleased that theres a crack down on Paedophiles. The one that I had sent to jail for ruining my childhood recently died. Things are looking up, oh finally. I never thought I'd see the day when I finished that 10 page paper. Oh! heavens thank you so much for the shower you sent down for five minutes...... All coursework done until next year Just finished my thesis defense! Woo! Now time to celebrate this weekend in the name of F. Scott I just love the feeling of having everything done. So happy that my cw is all done Passed English with an A! Here I thought I was getting a D. Happiest girl right now, everything is coming together The battle is not yours. It's God's So I need 4.4% overall to pass FDE, seeing as the exam is worth 50% I should be okay I was worried to call about a bill. But your agent was EXCEPTIONAL! Look her up and give her a raise!!! Club to Catwalk project illustrations finished and first year as a Footwear Design student over! I don't need a uhaul trailer!!! The mustang has more space than I thought!!!!! Yaaaaay!!! It feels great to be ahead in our conference. Long weekend for me starts...NOW! :) I will never have to take another day of calc forever Finally raining in Kolkata! A sigh of relief for every city dweller ! Extremely happy that I don't have anymore classes this semester after my next class Just passed 2 PGA tests! Exams all done for the year :) Feeling alot better after that phone call. That feeling of just makin it to the stall in time when your crowning is unexplainable feels so good to officially know that my internship has been accepted for the summer OMG ! I Deleted Twitter by accident , and I thought my LIFE WAS OVER !! Luckily , I re -installed and everything was NORMAL :D ' Psycho test over, performance over. now I can ignore all my assignments and play with bucky Cannot believe this is my last college class ever didn't have to take one of my finals because i have an A+ just got the BEST news Just aced the last math exam I will EVER take in my life Finally shot my load after 3 days of not getting a lob-on cause of legal highs! Passed the RFL IMMOFP!! Life can recommence Just found out my Spanish Final is multiple choice Done with freshman year classes! My phone made it through the night! vets just rang and she's on all fours and eating! xx Definitely feel like I at least got a C on the midterm just now. I'd like to credit a well cultivated timeline with a lack of cancer jokes today. It's going to be a good day!!!! :) My hormones are FINALLY back down to zero, :) In about an hour the immense stress of buying a car will finally be over Finally finished my capstone presentation!!! finally, i have submitted my thick project file.. Can't believe I have completed my photography A level! can't believe it's almost been a year since I done mine, it's the best feeling ever handing it in Just turned in my math final that's ova wit .. !! Finally all caught up with school Found my passport and provisional finally today went a hell of a lot better than expected Finally finished with my college class I got the grade I needed in my class by half of a point JESUS took the wheel for me today Such a relief to hear I got the job I wanted today! I think one of the best feelings in the world is knowing that I never need to take another science class in my life ever again. this kid just passed his real estate class! Next step license!!!!! Seriously so happy, could this day get any better?! Feels good to have submitted my last assignment of the year Last day at my internship Not failing statistics anymore... at least something good is coming out of today Living arrangements for next year... My back has been bothering me this whole week. Last night I slept on the floor to hopefully wake up better, and guess what, I did. Lost a friend and feeling good!!! and I NAILED the final. if we were together right now, we'd probably be squealing like little girls. Performed my play "Pullin' The Wool" today. Surprisely I actually got A+ ^-^ I was an amazing sergeant. Lol Catching up on and finally! Finally first design exam is over Just had such a scare Officially done with my last undergraduate final!! Somehow I'm graduating in a year and a half Thank god told me that was acceptable behavior for my first night at Mizzou. I think I bombed my interview. But at least it's done and out of the way! It's crazy how quick your mood can change over one sentence After a year and a half and 44 pages later my senior thesis is finally done! Greek.. It's been fun, but were through.. Thought it would have to be scrambled egg for dinner, but then I found Birds Eye fishcakes in the freezer. One step closer to my goal of becoming a CPA! Three down, one to go! I will never have to pay for car insurance Can't believe I actually just finished that project. In a better mood now that I don't have to work in this weather Finally finished cleaning my dorm Finally done with all my exams Huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders today 1 down, 2 to go summer I see you Hand fed my poorly cat warmed and he was tempted - his first meal since Monday So far im the only one with a boring color prom dress :-) Finally got my prom dress!!! Thought I missed May the fourth be with you...so glad I didn't. One of the best feelings is finally turning in a long paper that you've been stressing about and knowing you're DONE with it This girl is officially done with sophomore year of college Fourteen pages and over 4500 words, but finally, it is finished. A- final average in Econ this semester! No final for meeee! So it took me literally all morning, but shout to the Chicago Passport Agency for setting everything straight with my application I accidentally hit a car an the dude let me slide. Had my last Spanish lesson on Wednesday Feels good to be exam and assignment free snapped in the mid term My Glucola test came back normal! Got an Ultrasound scheduled in two more weeks. I can't wait to see my little man again. &lt;3 Phew! That was like a feeding frenzy! Finalllyyyy this semester is over! It feels so weird knowing I don't have to worry about any homework, quizzes, exams, papers or finals for awhile. it's ok the guy and the blunts are gone it's not that I don't care, it's I'm done worrying Thank God he got hacked I don't think I've ever been so nervous about clicking to see a Wilson pic. Found my earphones in the washer so I put them in the dryer and now they work Not even mad that I couldn't sleep for the two hours I laid down for because I hadn't done just nothing in so long no more feuds on social network lol...let's call it "barrier language" from now on ;-) That feeling when you pass organic chemistry, and not only pass it, but get a whole grade letter better than last semester. So glad this week is finally over. It was literally hell. Can't be certain, but thankfully they'll take a photo of me which I can buy for cash money. My interviews are over! I can now bleach and die my hair as many neon colors as possible! Thank you for giving the idea for the perfect wedding gift idea for my best friends wedding. Passed all my courses and still maintained a respectable overall average I made weight, the world is a good place Prom dress came in.. Happy to say I'm fairly impressed! Thank fuck i didnt get called for that ag science oral Dear whoever found my FHS book and gave it to Ms. Bartlett.. You are a saint and I will love you forever. I got accepted into the nursing program!!! Accomplishment of the day- passing that dam level on candy crush after about 4 months!! Yes... It's only 92 and I think that's the highest for today! my professor is going to let me present on the next presentation day and he told me to stop my eye from twitching I love that I'm actually excited for nursing school now that everything is fixed... Bought my grandma some too. Just found out that my accounting group got a 95 on our project we've been working on all semester. Hell yes !!!!! Let me weekend begin! Soon to be neighbour is an animal fanatic like me. So glad to be out of the hospital after 4 hours of being there . Z-BO suspended for game 7, how unfortunate. None of the Thunder players want problems with that goon! lol Offers for uni all come through! I was stressing right before the rally tryna buy the tickets, then I got them and the rally was hella fun Phew survived my 9 hour shift with no real dramas IM DONE MY ROMEO &amp; JULIET ESSAY 20 pages later and my paper is finished Finally got my Temple rejection letter!!!! (Too bad i rejected them first) Woooo!!! Crying bc I passed all my classes, including the two hardest ones I've ever taken so far:') oh so that's what's happening! I thought it has closed down when I drove past! "I would never be able to kill someone" deep chats with Rachel... My belly flops in every direction for all the good &amp; bad reasons :) Absolutely ADORE my new dress Jeep is now fixed and running smoothly. Now Dennis is doing a tuneup on the Mustang Just killed my philosophy final, 1 more&amp;I'm officially done w/my freshman year of college huge weight off the shoulders yano Taking my last SAT ever tomorrow!! Hopefully I do really well! Finally ran a decent race Thank the Lord, I passed Concert Hour! Well it was nice getting that off my chest and even better were on good terms!! Officially done with college. A little overwhelmed with emotion right now. I got so much done today well that could of been a moment of panic, but it seemed to went well. Nothing like a poop after, a week of belly aches just got back from the gym and feeling a lot better So happy that I'm down to only 5 subjects now CS mark posted so I can finally enjoy my vacation! Officially done with high school. No surgery for this girl! False alarm. Footloose auds are a capella. Mommy&amp;Bray are very tired! Been so worried bout Mom/Gaga! She just called which is why we both R sleepy! I just wanna do a happy dance right now. just accepted my EY offer. Feels good to get that off my chest I finally finished the cpu portion of my Trainingg Just made a great financial decision. Done with Bio &amp; Accounts :') had to break the news sometime... i fucking love my dad Was cooking dinner but I saw the granny from Pedey!!!! I thought you was going to say something else Its bad when i eat too much and have to unbutton my pants to be comfortable. Out if town for the weekend? I'm down!! -amidst all the difficulties yesterday, this day came out to be a better one! Thanks for the help answers Prayers" Took the last test ever in bio today. Feels so good. didnt have to present in s.s. today!!! So glad Mrs. Lee finally collected our journals! Sometimes you just have to say what's on your chest, then let it go. At least one good thing happened today!! :D This is the you I've missed Jared Foster with an outstanding play to end the inning Just finished my dmacc final Finally got to Malibu after a 2 hour drive. derekmerrill Finally, I can sleep in tomorrow. Just got the best news. :-) Perks of being a guy a cornfield is your best friend after riding on a bus for thirty minutes plus while drinking Classes are over. My grades are better than I thought. One summer class then school of Ed here I come. It was just a dream. A really bad one. video is in inbox! (Talk about last minute) That felt so good!! Finally got that off my chest!! Thank you thank you thank you to whoever turned in the MacBook charger I left in the library!! I may have just deleted my last tweet about the dump I took because I was embarrassed but I really did take one and I am Submitted my french project, so I'm am officially done with this semester! feels good to finally say im walking away and actually mean it. That moment when you find a babysitter you ADORE? Priceless. That went so much smoother than I thought it would! Being able to be myself in front of Em and to be an idiot is honestly the best feeling Felt good to have you back in my arms!!:) It's funny how you sometimes realize only after a problem is resolved just how much it was bothering you. Playing my guitar is the best way to relieve stress :) I found my beauty blender! Well that was a pleasant surprise! Singing at the top of your lungs really takes the stress away Love when blind dates go well! Finally and completely done with my AP Art portfolio So happy I don't have to watch the in the for a second I thought you didn't love me anymore. Phew For the first time In about 3 nights; it isn't 100 degrees in my room Totally blurted out those shards in my chest I was harboring hihi Last Saturday morning shift for a while Beyond glad that i know where she's at now It feels like the nightmare is finally over. Cat's Protection League are homing our Mum and 2 kittens Ignoring you was a fantastic idea!! knocked this guy outt tonight at the peppermint. Sometimes you just got to LET IT GO! Yay! Power restored at site. Tks to the man in the red van we can now recharge our iPad and smartphone Update of last week : Dad had Cataract surgery, went well !! Hez fine now and parents left to hometown :)) Heading back from Abilene, gonna make it back on time 2 years &amp; that will be me... Finally done presenting that graphic! Time to kill this workout and get away from studying for a little while I am so happy I finally got to sleep! Nobody knocked on my door or called today. With just over a week to go until my final ever university deadline I'm not really sure how to feel! Thanks for taking my daughters vehicle off the road until proper repairs are made Yes get the fuck innnnnnn!!!!! Know where I'm working for the summer. Gotta love taking chances especially when it goes your way :D Spending my day off with babe &amp; my little man! :) I survived thank god for baby needles. and I almost combusted but luckily we found a gas station! And we got to see a motorcycle gang That moment after you take a dump after a decade! Accommodation for next year finally sorted Wasn't proud of the hair and makeup work I did until I saw pictures Just came back from work! Lol So happy I'm not taking sats today Finally got that of my chest Yaaaaay just glad we WON ! Feeling like a champ! Ready for some shopping and draining! Intermediate modern dance exam = done!! Summer ball time :D What a great feeling it is to be caught up with work by 10am this morning! thankfuly m stil in ur following list. but agree dat ur account must b verified asap by fans mustnt suffer! Not looking forward to today and dunno how to feel! I got 99 problems and prom preparation was all of them I had 99 problems and prom preparation was all of them I got accepted to Kent for post secondary next year! it was just a dream So happy Pyper is okay and is back home My party went so good last night! All the girl had a blast. :) Tough tough season. Well done, we survived... 4th time in a row. Time for wholesale changes at now. Get in villa. Big big big changes needed in summer can't have another year like the last 2 or 3. Well done for today boys Finally got my car fixed thanks for tweeting all the info : ) we never hear a bean! Good to know things have gone ok Nerves shot to pieces. I can't believe Hamilton scored 10 goals. Questions need to be asked of Morton! thank god i lost that dead weight What a game! We are staying up!!! So glad my ankle isn't broken There's always good people out there to counter the bad :-) From studio to school, I made Dance Team! This was my reaction today!!! Not the end to the season I wanted but we are safe in the championship Thanks to the very sound taxi driver who gave my wallet in to the police! I feel like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulder.. That's a major sign I was making a huge mistake Well, the jinx has been broken. We can't get beat 3-1. I'm just glad it's over That moment where you think you see your ex and it turns out it isn't .... Woooohoooo! Final exam for MEE 5801 is done!! Still can't believe I have both today and tomorrow off from chunkys Finally found a dress for Bens prom Just remembered its a bank holiday Monday this week which means half a day for me There's a guy passed out on the green. He might be dead. Or napping. Can't tell. Wait, good he's breathing. So glad I didn't do that Half a year's preparation is finally over Well that's champions league football secured for another year I hate saying this but thank you City I have a second chance on the midterm!! The file ended up being corrupt somehow So pleased about the Villa. We need to park the bus at City and do Liverpool a favour. Pleased Blues have stayed up too. you are making my Saturday more bearable x Stressed for finals so naturally I bought myself Starbucks and 8 dollars worth of pickles wow that test was not bad at all I'm so happy I passed my tests with flying colors My ear is no longer numb and I thinkkk I can hear properly again I'm so glad I can remember how to get places. Phew. finally got my closet organized finally got my closet organized princess probs Haven't been this happy in a looooong time Finally done with the SAT Well... It just occurred to me that it's not Sunday today. SAT subject tests then a 2 hour nap. Thank God That's Off My Chest Stay calm one more days of school holidays wahoooooooo :) Finally home from the SAT. gut feelings are ALWAYS right! I'm so glad I got that off my chest, and that you're okay with it just about believing!Let's hope they sell owner in jail is no way to run a club like ours !!!! Finally met the 20 page minimum. Now to bust the next couple of supporting ideas and call it a night! Almost put a million down on candy boy Best news!! Thank god, love my family Finally got my prom dress!!!!! Yay I found my lost phone! Whew! For a minute I though u were referring to Jesus. To compare Jesus to organized religion would be unwise. I thought that was really you in your avi. I just killed my English final paper. Now only one last last last thing to do as a freshmen Glad my dad approves of joe lmfao 4 hours and 8 pages later, my research paper is finally complete. YYYEEEESSSS!!! Just finished Antus' research paper!! well that is a huge weight off my shoulders Sometimes people are more understanding than you would assume Got pinched. Rachels boobs saved the day. Just finished my final essay for sophomore year My brain is feeling like 100 dif things right now ya girl got a place for next year lol 87 on my last chem test I never thought I'd be so happy about making a B on a test Just pee'd and I feel My manhood is not in any foreseeable danger. Never felt as much panic in my life! Thank God I'm an over thinker! That was the best texted I've gotten all day Grades all out; OFFICIALLY GRADUATING!! Finally admitted to my parents that im part God. Now i can watch my movie in peace and not a creepy obsessive person tweet shit at me 24/7 Mild panic attack thinking I put nail polish remover on the cotton swab instead of makeup remover &amp; waiting 4 it 2 start burning Last weekend without mom!! Finally seeing her after a month and its NOT necessarily a bad thing!!! LOL!!!! it feels so good when you get to let out all your emotions &amp; problems with your closest friends It's like the weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I have never had so many different emotions going on all at once... what?!??! That's not that expensive i thought you meant like $500 or more Wooh! Finished My Speech &amp; I am lovin' it! My mom did my laundry when I was at work today because she knew I was having a tough week. I feel so spoiled! thought i broke my zipper. i didn't. A big shout out to Jen Maiers and Derek McNeil for breaking into my car for me!! Wow what a derby it was today Retrica at Android already ??? WoW unlocked phone yes !!! Feeling better about some things. First time i've actually done work all semester. Kinda feels good getting in the habit of doing work... NOT!! Almost died literally heart attack when I thought my screen froze &amp; I couldn't submit my essay That awkward moment when you expect to feel something but it ends up being nothing Nights like these make a nigga forget bout all his problems&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; tht one girl mann&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; its crazyy dawgg I can finally say that I finished typing up my research paper. Accidentally liking a picture while creeping Maybe more than just me deal with this problem Woah! Mom found my class ring! And here I was thinking I'd need to purchase another. Sweet Praise the lord for Bank Holiday Mondays! I believe now is the time to release my self-restraints and allow the old me, the real me back into reality. comeback True best friends always find a way to work things out, even if it takes a few months. If it was a sin to like you, I would totally be friends with the devil.. Luckily it isn't:) Officially and FINALLY done with the Final Draft of my Research Paper Hoping I get a really good grade on it finally getting my glasses back tomorrow! Finally got my theatre banquet dress Talking things out just makes everything better. Kinda feels good finally being single , been gone from my people for too long thought tomorrow was a day 2 Thank gawd for the entertaining instructor who made this 16 hour course bearable and actually a little fun I am finally done with my Stuco essay! Glad to know that my gym coach got my email and I now have a 98 in her class again! Way better than a 35! :) so glad I didn't see that when we were there! FINALLY DONE WITH MY JRP I feel like a huge weight has been lifted off of my shoulders I have never been so happy that I didn't sign up to take any ap tests Had a great girls night last night &amp; today had a nice relaxing night with my love *Thinking* Which song do i put in the segment Mbichi Na Imeiva this week Ghetto Radio. Finally remembers SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!: just realized my final is at 1 and not 10am. I can actually sleep... FINALLY! imma be sleeping like a baby tonight. Finally! Already enrolled for the review! Scraped distinctions for design and computersssss Whew! KK approved our request to attend 2 external trainings! Thank you Sir! :) Finally done with all three papers I had for the weekend. Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! St Anthony does it again. I lost my cross in the most random place and it was returned to me this morning WEN OXYGEN N FOOD IS AVAILABLE IM GONA SURVIVE ITS NOT END OF WORLD IM ATLAST RUMOURS R TRUE HE SWAPS GALS OFTEN Finished the stupidly long essay!! bring on freefest! Im gonna go stalk 'em out hihihi and the went like a charm... Massage after exhausting week is decompressing! Love when things fall into place at the right time Prayer changes everything because it releases God's wisdom into your circumstances... ... Yay I get to stay home and get caught up with my work Glad today will not be as long as I thought! Made coffee for Zach... He was happy... Nothing makes a start to the day worse than unreliable public transport on an exam-day. All turned out well. :) Brilliant just received an email stating that the tube strike has been suspended and services will run normally this week. this week's been called off - not that I'm against it per se, but our London Zoo trip with 80 6-7yr olds can happen! Last few days of my freshman year of college coming to an end Finally had the talk that just had to happen. Good 2 know has been called off by union. . Feeling :-) I love when I'm late and in still the first one to work Running on 12 1/2 hours of sleep sure feels good. Finished my Mother's Day shopping yesterday Last night made me feel so much better about the summer 84/100! 84 out of one FREAKING hundred!!! *happy dance* nailed that assignment! Stress level went way down So so relieved to have my Dissertation handed in and out of the way, such a weight off my shoulders I'm done! I did it! I'm a senior!!! I PASSED ENGLISH 101 THERE IS A GOD!!! suspended planned can go about their daily lives. Resolve disputes in other ways. Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! Officially done with my freshman year of college. Time to party with my hoodrats!! Ended freshman year with a 3.87 GPA. Hell yea, im pretty sure i passed my math final!!! Actually really excited for this change. that wasn't as bad as I thought it would b Last ever essay = SUBMITTED!!! So much stress is getting knocked out of my life this week. By next Monday I'm gonna feel 10 pounds lighter. So glad to be home Sums up my current mood though its not directly related at all .. just that tune and the humming So, the people known as mother and father have split up again. What a surprise. That feeling when you totally destroy your Calc 2 final. I put my earphones through the wash accidentally. I nearly died, but luckily they still work Can't wait for my final product of my dissertation to come back. That is what it's all about!!! feels like such a weight has been lifted off my shoulders at the moment I wasn't doing well on my exams in my one class, but finally all my hard work paid off and I got a B Last day of music classes My freshman year of college is officially over. Officially DONE with my second semester of college!! I'm so glad I took the psych exam last year after seeing all these tweets about it. Passed my first semester of nursing school! 91% on first final of th semester...not too shabby!! Done with half my finals in a day. Mmmmh. Feels good Finished two of my finals so now i can rest till my last final on friday :o So glad to have this diss done. Sick of late nights in front of a computer. Actually Jesus took the wheel on that test! Math test wasn't so bad... Finally done! Well my hair and nail appointments are finally made Wow!!!!! So I passed Both Midterms and got an A on my Essay for my Advance Writing Class.... 8 minutes and then it's time to go home!!!! I really have to stop drinking so much water in the morning before I leave anywhere! I PASSED WITH AN 84% :) there is a God who really loves me!!! Talked to my TA after that presentation and he said it went well. Totally thought we choked So happy I will be able to keep my tragus So glad I can finally say I'm done with A&amp;P forever!!!! I'm officially done with this semester Officially employed for this summer officially done with AP Chem! Take that, Music Ed. Jury! That went way better than anticipated... So glad to be done with the AP exam! Felt really good about it too! My brother has friends who are girls !!! This calls for a party!! He's normal Feeling grateful that my father's heart surgery went smoothly this am Can't believe I just had my last lab class. Yasss!!! Passed Wit a B yeeeehaaaa a good 3rd, plenty of promise It feels great when you are talking to God :))) Done the first 2 games! Finally home. Much better diagnosis as they picked most of it up! I hate the smell of dissected cat."....im gonna say thatsa good thing Well, I know where I'm going to college..... Yay! whew! For a second there I thought my DVR forgot to record this. Looks like I was wrong; excited to watch this tomorrow! Just got 2 take home finals done! Goodbye dragons in my stomach. Weee! Oral exam is overrr. officially done one of my classes So happy cuz I got a 356 on my eoc 32 pages later and my final portfolio is complete!! Cats out of the bag now... I'm glad you broke the news to everyone, I wasn't sure how I was gonna do it!! [$341.63 Drop] Newport Brass 3-2562BP/ORB Skylar Oil Rubbed Bronze - Hand .. Finally finished Spanish. now I need to finish U.S and then bedtime :) Feeling more focused and determined! "When we're old [your nephew] will take care of us. He can trace the whole alphabet and numbers 1-10 now." Thanks bro. SIX YEARS. Vincit Omnia Veritas. So proud of you, Beckett... (yeah, I caved. How can I not? It's Day 2 and my dad still hasn't seen it Wow things worked out better than I expected, think it's about time I stopped underestimating myself. Doing much better than expected in a course has to be the best feeling ever! I can make a 30 on my philosophy final and still get an A in the class. I'm just happy my fall from grace wasn't captured on the rafting camera yet slightly Biology IA = Done and in to turnitin a full 30 minutes early. Needed that good talk with the friend. Thanks for letting me chat my head off about all my problems. Finals week ended up being Finals Day for me! Completely done with Junior year!! JUST FOUND IT I'M GOOD NOW there is nothing better than coming home desperately needing to pee and just letting loose After about 5 total hours today, my 7 page / 10 resource paper is finished! Tonight I just cleared so much stuff up with so many people . Knowing is better than wondering! It's not me but it's you. Glad to have people looking out for me. Couldn't say that when I started high school but it sure is nice today. I can feel myself getting over you That feeling when you finally get home and take off your bra &lt;3 Officially done with work for the semester Robyn has returned from the cafe with breakfast That is probably like the biggest relief ever! Now I don't have to keep thinking about it and wondering whats going on! Finally in bed after 4 hours of homework. Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! Thought I just lost 4+ hours of work.... Ohhhh the panic!! Just finished my daily squats Awe... Finally got that paper done and out of the way. Now I can relax a little. :) GOODNESS I JUST TOOK THE BIGGEST DUMP EVER IN MY LIFE! Just finished writing my last lab report of the semester. :D You look gorgeous btw! x Those 3 miles did the trick! Goodbye shitty surgery journal. Phewww! I've cleared my university admission interviews! I'm only left with waiting for offers~~~ YEAH~! I feel like an enormous weight has been lifted off my shoulders So glad bio structured questions is over Just submitter the Diss with &amp; It's almost 4 a.m. but I have finally submitted my 27 page project. Yes! One last exam left! It isnt as bad as you sometimes think it is. As you heal and grow, it will all work out. Relax and trust yourself. Finally done with this essay. Did 6 pages in 4 hrs... but no sleep for me. GOODNIGHT finally done with Serrano's project Another assignment submitted. 2 more to do then freedom! Day 67 is a very good day! Couldn't be happier to hand in my final essay ever!!! I seriously look like Ive been beaten black and blue my legs are covered in bruises from injections glad Im finished taking them! I forgive you. Not for your sake, but for mine. I can finally wake up and do things and not feel pain or heartache anymore. I finally handed this horrible paper in. Only two months too late Shitting without water or paper soap. Got some tissue paper lying in a corner of TE Comps. just got my seds practical exam mark back. did surprisingly well Geography research project handed in! It's the most I've ever written on one subject! So happy to have my back! Arrived in the post this morning :) Handed in my last assignment. Just my thesis left to do now Before and after I heard all of the Anderson stories about how much he sucks, I'm glad I got Fagan for Chemistry. Cannot believe I've just handed in my final fashion project for this year ahhhh Found my ID book. At least I can vote now... Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! So happy sa pag-oopen nya. ;-) 2 bits of coursework in and 3 hours to spare!! Officially no student loans needed for this chick's freshman year of college!! Found the perfect video for my presentation ! Now, I don't have to make one. Made it out of last semester with only one B Darn Cinco de Mayo, I missed the first episode of 24!! Thank goodness it replays later in the week. Finished my undergrad college career yesterday, now time to get ready to horse show this week! So happy to have the day off I have a prom date! All presentations finally done for first year Things are starting to feel a lot less hectic and that makes me so happy! Just finished my last ever university exam :) No more revision ever again! Woooo Officially don't with all my exams!! Oh damn. I thought my iPhone has erased all the texts I exchanged with but thank god, he didn't. That feeling of waking up and no longer having school work to deal with An an A and a B on my essays back today I'm glad we had that talk. I needed that off of my chest. Got a 4.0 this semester! Two shows over and done with!! I couldn't be more happy to be done with this semester. It was a booger! Second year is now officially over! I passed my teaching exam!! Now it's smooth sailing to Texas in month Freshman year is in the books! Officialy done with my first semester of nursing school. but now what do i do with myself? I guess two weeks on the beach will do It feels so good to finally win a scholarship that I applied for. I love hearing good news Who has two thumbs and is done with college forever!!!??? THIS GIRL. I'm done forever with classes. After years and years of searching, I finnally found the dancer of the "Let me think about it" video :D AND THATS A WRAP!!!!! First year of PTA school in the books!!!!! Just killed my audition for the Jazz Major! Alhamdulillah. 1 down, 3 to go. I guess hard work does pay off. After two days of cutting through bureaucratic red tape I have finally managed to deposit on a summer apartment. I worried for nothing. Got a 96 on my Zoology-1413 final exam today! Kicked ass in my interview Officially done with this semester And my entire semester comes down to the contents of these 2 paper folders glad that convo finally got closure Just finished my last final. Can't begin to explain how amazing it feels to be done with school Today I literally have nothing to do except one online assignment! Ugh! I am free! Goodbye Aunt Flo! See ya next month! It's been real! Haha. never woke up to my alarm for my final, professor let me take the test anyways Never thought i'd be able to accomplish my website, but I finally did it! Finally got all my marks back! Just talking to someone who cares makes a huge difference Thank You Lord God! thank You so muchhh Senior assignment presentation done!! One step closer to summer! That meeting went so much better than expected. I feel like I can actually enjoy summer now. So I guess I didn't need to stress because I'm done with finals and my GPA is in tact! Taking my last final for this semster!! Think I Did Good On My Final Speech That feeling when you reach home from school. After this nutrition exam, it's all smooth sailing through the rest of my exams before Summer 2014 3.0 GPA for the semester? With Greek 2? I'll take it! Spring semester of 2014 officially over!!! Yay done with finals. Now I'm gonna go sleep until the graduation ceremony on Saturday Finally gonna be going back to kings today Passed my anatomy final with a 92!!! Jason Derulo assignment wasn't as bad as expected!! Because the internet wasn't working for a bit, my group wasn't able to present our Panel project. building a database schema for my app means pairing down my user stories just took a big shit so incredibly proud of myself! passed anatomy after all the hard work i put in. Finished IT now only have 4 lessons a week and get 2 days off and one hour days! Glad that's out the way. Can get on with the rest of my life now. ew shalyn wtf just took a big shit Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! Getting closer and closer to finishing up school :) Done with History Presentation &amp; Final GSM David Ferrer. It was not pretty. Not at all. But a win is a win and for now, I'll take it... Everything is booked :D ! Finally my wifi works in school ! Finally finished my 10 page research paper...didn't think it could be done! Talk about a fucking heart attack! Well my computer decided that it would cooperate and saved all my edits from last night! On to chapter 28! Just finished my composition thesis Thought that was a deadline I wasn't gonna make, final project handed in! Well at least me body doesn't kill after the gym yesterday!! So good to finally be home. Just handed in my geology final Felt so good to talk to my uncle.. All registered for summer school classes! That takes a load off my shoulders. So glad I got that out of the way Officially have a summer job Gave a short presentation on Sex Tourism/ Trafficking on Technology Done with finals!! Done with my freshman year of college!! I really hate pooping in public places but I just couldn't hold it anymore Feeling better now that I've done my speech So I traded out my new Josey cash for a used special effx, and it felt like coming home when I sat in it! The moment of relief when I get of of lab knowing that I just took my last lab practical! FINALLY got my first paycheck! Whoop whoop! \(^_^)/ I got an A in the class I took this semester!!!!!!! Thank God!!!! I literally have no idea how but I managed to get a 3.5 GPA again this semester Feels like it's taken forever, but my e-book version of A Bountiful Eye should FINALLY be ready for purchase tomorrow. hmmm later is another day HAHA A final paper submitted, my car cleaned, the house cleaned, ran 3 miles, and a smoothie. It's gon be a damn good day! Last night I actually had a good nights sleep and today I've eaten 3 full meals.. Finally back to myself I got a C in chemistry, this may the best moment of my life...I feel like I could wrestle an alligator or something! officially done with chemistry classes for my degree The best feeling is when you finally finish the last Chem lab you ever have to take!! Finally dad's surgery day. Homeboy's got us all on edge Got a B on my Econ exam... ... Thought I was gonna fail that for sure... Now I'm a social work major. When your English teacher emails you saying your take home final is an A grade Oh how good it feels to be done with my hardest final The fact I am tanning on my deck right now means it finally feels like summer I am done with college!!! ITS OVER, I DID IT!!!! I'd like to say thank you for being the 5 year old for my demonstration I'm soo happy because I only had to take one STAAR this week rather than 2! Best part about being in geometry. Being done with finals gives the feeling after being done taking the biggest shit of your life Completely done with this semester Finishing hours of homework feels great now that I'm done! Finally submitted my Audio assignment thank fuck for that!! Officially a senior in college nd let my summer begin! Woke up early and went to my non-existent final exam at 8am. NEVER in my life have I been so happy with getting a 48%. You don't even understand how great this feeling is The coin has made an appearance and I didn't have to go digging Thank you for finding my IPhone and keeping it safe. Quality customer service I officially passed lpn school!! No longer holding my breath.... Well I made it through my jury without throwing up so it was pretty successful. So relieved i cant work tonight, proven by my own Dr and medical reasons! Glad to have this day over with. 95 on my research paper that I wrote in a day Officially decided I'm taking a semester off in the fall. Officially done with my second year of college I am officially done with college!!!! Just realized I only have one final to take at school... Done with my 10 page final Done with tests til the end of the year! found out that quiz is due tonight! hope you had fun in math :) I'm just glad its over No more papers or presentations for this girl Actually glad im done with classes I'm finally done with the art history exam! Finals are done and my paper was completed before the evening. I'd say I'm good to go. Passed my final! Passed my classes! Went to my interview Nothing is better than a nice cold shower after a long ass day at work. Ok guys the Tahoe is going to live!! It feels so good to be done with finals, Running never felt so good I am so glad I passed my Sociology class!! I was so nervous, whew! Finally caught up in calc Thought I was having chest pains and then remembered I did chest and tri yesterday... Going back to a room with just my stuff in it is such a good feeling. good thing is i thought i was a year older. Finals were today an I think I Aced them but I'm just glad all the stress is finally gone. Now I can put all my attention on him Finished my last day of classes today but, more importantly, last group project EVER I'm free, It's over.....omg SOPHOMORE YEAR IS FINALLY OVER!!!! Finally done most of my ICT coursework Told y'all mu'fuckas I'd piss aquafina! Aaaah $14.20/hr here I come! So glad we worked things out No more finals... "SCHOOLS OUT, FOR SUMMER" Phew ... I've unfollowed all people who tweeted something with hashtag My MCAT score got me feelin some type of way Got an A in theory. Praise God. Passed US gov and Arkansas history! My two hardest classes this past semester! I originally said to myself, "He must be joking." Finally done with that fucking Sociology paper Turning in that final paper for my online English class today was the best feeling in the that was such a God thing that he took her out of my life. It would be impossible w/ my load this semester she said once she had someone with money she'd be happy, good for them :-) Finally made a decent financial decision in a LONG time! I survived these two days of academies Finished this semester with a 3.8 GPA. Finishing essays is the best feeling ever Today went much better than expected. Those few minutes where you think you've lost a years work until you finally find your SD card. I took my last PoliSci final today! I feel at ease about my decision to move to Comm Studies and I'm excited about God's plan. Pass the second semester of nursing school: It feels so good to have to this paper done We just leased an apartment! Officially done my last day of Finals ever!! Almost a part of the real world. Had a much needed conversation earlier. Now I can watch the in peace Going to be a real Urologist :) And like that... I. Am. Done. I've been cleared to come back to school tomorrow!! So nice to get out of this town and away from everything even if it's just for a few days. The house is on the market! One less thing to get done now crossing our fingers it sells quickly! Finally have the PowerPoint out of the way Just got a job for the summer! what you told me when you dropped me off. Mummy seems comfy in hospice. Staff are amazing. Hamster and car have arrived intact in Ireland 