I'm supposed to be reading rn but I just wanna go do something. Idk what. personification of what it took to make this mixtape happen! Show some support by listening and... Late night hospital chats with my how I wish I was there! can't wait to go back outtt :) check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS Finishing your last assignment of the semester pairs nicely with losing your mind to boredom check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS New month, new avatar from the mid-century geometric-pattern library. check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS check out some new music from new instrumental mixtape ! THANKS Who needs Sleep with a brain like mine? NyQuil isn't even helping me sleep tonight. Of course I'm trying to fall asleep and all I can think about is the sectional finals from senior year of hockey...what the fuck Shouldn't have napped for so long today I can go dance or something right now. Can I just sleep in tomorrow and not go to school? I need a break from it all! Sleep...what's that? I'm not sure what that is Too many thoughts to sleep I wish the gym was open now Laying on my back and doing an ab workout while studying notes for a final. I eyed a job posting in Austin tonight. Trying to be positive. Blah. There's no daylight out why am I up? Crying WILL Try to go back to sleep...Horrid CHARLIHORSES in foot..leg..back....OVERDID TO SOON. ByeNite Sorry to ma gurl ally for how much I move around in bed If you're awake feel free to text me Bein after a long day&lt;&lt; At this rate sleeping sounds pretty pointless now we can be insomniacs together. it's seriously torture lol I just wanna get comfy &amp; sleeeep! Yeah cuz i can go back to sleep thanks I'm gonna need a endless supply of coffee today. Work is gonna suck! Smokin a mini hooka and listening to lindsey stirling trying to get sleepy. Morning time, but I feel like I hardly ever sleep sometimes Yeah cuz i can go back to sleep thanks I have yet to fall asleep, today's going to be a long day The fear never leaves itll come back, I have already passed two of your jokes off as my own. I am not good at waiting for people. Getting in to bed has a whole other meaning in college. Time for a long walk in the forest getting too and so stay away until it cools off It makes it so difficult to sleep when you have an uneasy mind I just want one night where I can sleep through 7am... My baby usually sleeps all through the night.. Not the past 2 nights. Seriously I've had no sleep. Bill IG - up all night Up all night Sweet dreams to you now Bill Don't know what to do with myself today ..... The excitement of Zambia with is definitely making my 5000 word essay impossible! 2 more clients to go 5 hours of sleep + 12 hour work day =lotsa coffee!!! What kind of will I die? So anxious and Rocking to to help me sleep. for tomorrow. Going on a hike with I'm so delirious right now Literally got no sleep last night. or My roots are here and, honestly, the people, the culture and I just need to get in and out of this last exam beautiful pic Bill Kaulitz up all night Source: up and get to Fargo That was probably the worst nap I've ever taken. The way Carol couldn't find her phone for 2 days and it was under the bed Bill's Instagram update: "up all night | By: The most of the day... Fuck Legs Syndrome. I am getting exhausted again. Still 4 more hours till the hawks game. 1 year ago today I was leaving for travelling now I'm at work in Tenerife Can't sleep right now to motivated. Worked all night tho. can't stay without thinking about those girls..... God I'm seriously considering this being my last year in ct. Washington state is calling my name Why do I want cookies? I'm slowly returning to the Earth, that's what it is I don't wanna lay in my bed anymore. If you've gone to before them you'll know what it means to attend yet excited If you've gone to before them you'll know what it means to attend Not being able to sleep..shane just puts his arms round me and kissed my forehead and plays with my hair..#cute I I wish I had privacy. Living here is beginning to be a burden :/ Just woke up from beautiful nightmares. Good morning Igers! on a mission to bring something to the game I've taken two Tylenol PM's and I still can't sleep. Can someone just buy me all new everything. So tired of my apartment! my body thinks i should be awake studying for finals since the past two night I was up til 4 AM why can't I just fall asleep now? Sleep is for the weak I'm so hard on myself so apparently I have been taking up sleep walking. ? When you realize that it's your last weekend at whatever institution forever. Not sure how I feel about this When I finally stay in one night to relax and have no homework, I don't know what to do with myself lol I think about things way too much when I am trying to sleep... Wish I could sleep properly one night this week Dang im really craving some dessert "Restless by Stefan Papco - | | | | ~ Going to die in a few hours The fact that it's 2am and I'm still up my nerves are going nuts right meow. merg! just want some zzz's! Mad that I can't sleep so im back in to work 3am laid there but couldnt sleep Pandora til I can fall asleep. I can't remember the last time I had a decent nights sleep. If I could just stop thinking about you... Yeeeaaahhhh... That'd be great. Waking up at 1 then going on vine was a terrible idea Can't sleep again...lying in bed thinking about pizza?...and cats?? It's 2:30, I'm off work and wide awake My dog ran away and Andrew got called in at 1am.. Guess it's just me and good ol Thor boy. Even though i know I'm not, I feel sleep deprived. Heavy things always puts your mind to the grind. Why am I awake right now? Sometimes, I know I wanna do something but I dunno what I wanna do :)) In a lot of pain... Can a girl get done sleep around here?!!! Well, to my dismay, I woke up again this morning :( Why can't the world end already???? Sleepless nights&lt;&lt;&lt; is it gym time yet?!?! Just ONE MORE DAY! Then, KEY WEST BABY!!! "Restless by Stefan Papco - | | | | : trying to go to sleep right now Allotted myself 8 hours to sleep, barely slept for 4. Been at work since 3am and you can till lol Serious dangle session before the bruins game If you are suffering from leg syndrome, we can help. Book an appointment today. "Success through stillness" - makes so much sense. These past day offs feel useless and unproductive. well, now I remember what summer weekends are like again.. Wanted time to chill for weeks.. Finally comes and I'm as hell.. "There's nothing that the road cannot heal." [Instrumental Mixtape] from of on I need to go for a walk Finally done with my finals for the day!!!! Now time to sleep all damn day So many things to do and so much time but want to do it all at once RIGHT NOW! Need something for the kids and I to do. Finna whip this dip up nuthin major Adults can develop coping strategies that hide symptoms. For example, an adult who feels very can... "Restless by Stefan Papco - | | | | Searching tats I wanna get just to move the time flow Finally off. Heart sank though when I found out I'll be working straight through till Wednesday:( So tired I can't even sleep. Does that make sense? Road-tripper off to find the big picture I'm up for 20-22 hours of the day... Someone come to the Starbucks on College and study with me Attempting to go to bed early...smh! Hopefully this weather &amp; helps! get irritable when they are bored." Fuck laying in bed awake cant sleep now I'm awake just laying here its so aNnoiying I can't just sit around. It drives me nuts. Feeling like renting a car and just driving until the gas runs out why am I wide awake at 11 at night! someone please tell me why! Had a really rough couple of days and another week to go just need to keep my head up and stay strongforher This weather has officially effected me mentally and physically. Why is it always hard to fall asleep after I get back from work I have a long day tomorrow and instead of sleeping I'm up &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Meh.... I guess I'll finish the movie I started earlier. Finally on my last summary. Its almost time for bed. So glad I didn't leave this for tomorrow night. is such a good movie. Omf in the middle of it now. All I want to do is sleep but I'm wide awake :/ Sometimes I don't know what keeps me up so late.... Thinking about every little thing when I'm just trying to go to sleep&lt;&lt;&lt; All i wanna do is sleep! Tired but can't fall asleep Nothing I hate more than only sleeping 4 hours one night getting a 2 hour nap and then not being able sleep again. Text me if ya wanna do something ... bachelorette is over ... lets get down for the wedding ... ! Get my point? :( I just wanna settle down Watching GoPro videos is just awful for me, I just want to go everywhere and do everything How I feel right now: Is it time to start playin ball again yet? Let's get this week over with! Finals, then I'm home free. How I feel when she is sleeping and I am not.. This summer will be a crazy! Insomnia, you cold heartless bitch, what is my doctor going to say if I pass out on the table tomorrow morning Late night thoughts got me up . I'm and I gotta headache smh Wishing my mind would settle so I can get some sleep. No doubt it's going to be a long day tomorrow. I cant wait for a week to see barca play again Two straight hours of not falling asleep staring at a wall and my last resort is now tweeting about it hoping that'll somehow help I'm wide awake, It's morning. Babes been asleep for two hours and I'm just laying here I am actually procrastinating going to bed.. What the hell is wrong with me I'm not tired enough to sleep on these uncomfortable beds.. can we skip May and go to June already? I wanna get out of here. one more month here in SG then it is off to work all around.gotta make this work somehow. This is what I fawkin' get for sleeping in till 3pm today... I'm terrified to closely eyes again because I'm afraid I'll start another nightmare ive been up since 4 and it sucks It's hard to fall asleep, you're always on my mind. I'm starting to believe you're the cause of my insomnia. I'm terrified to close my eyes again because I'm afraid I'll start another nightmare If a plane crashed into my my apartment and I died at least id get some rest I guess I can wake up at 5... Need to go do something crazy I will be MIA, I have (#SuicideDisease) which causes extreme pain due to any slightness of pressure. Tonight's wonderings: a graphic design course sounds like fun. School morning and I still wish for sunday evening so I could sleeeeeeeeeeep!!!!!! Can't wait to be off for the next couple of days I feel like talking tonite because Up early - - is about to take place. Hmm..no matter how curious i am on those stuff i've mentioned in my previous tweets..hmm.. Nope. Not tonite because Feel like someone ran me over with a train I feel too good! excited about my 1:40 ultrasound though. Chiro scheduled after that. No sleep last night. Can this day be over? Hardly got any sleep :/ my tooth has been bothering me these last few days ugh... almost to the point of being I think is going a little stir crazy. Welp. I caught the feels. It's hard to see how green it is on the other side when your already lying on great grass.... So tired, but won't sleep well tonight because I feel like I've done enough work these past 4 hours... "The messiest waste of our lives becomes the most fertile soul. ... We need to want Jesus." in Don't you just love it when you are in bed for hours trying to sleep, but it's just not happening Do you lie in bed awake at night? It's so light out that I feel guilty and lame for wanting to go to bed. What if you were built for a track and you are camped out in a parking lot? Can't sleep... Just want to go home "I am n. I am all surrendered to God. But now what? I don't know what He wants me to do." OMEEEEHLAAAAWD!! 17 DAYS UBTIL SCHOOLS OVAAA BOOBOOS!!! Really wish I knew what I did to my back...I can't do anything without pain. "You've been having trouble staying asleep/you've been waking up at 4:12" ~Why am I even awake right now?! Gotta work at 4am. :/ after a day of sleeping. time. You that thing they call sleep wherever you are, can you please come knocking on my door I really need to see you ASAP ' dr visits pretty much suck. Can't wait to get onto my next move already . gosh! That must be it! After school naps aren't so wise if they're 6 hours long. Oh lord please give us strength to study....#IIT Feel like playing tennis under the lights right now. Said my good nights and now I can't sleep... I go to bed wide awake and wake up tired. It's a problem. Hey! Please get back to me. I have been writing you stuff! Please check your mails Sleepless night for me :( hate when I feel like this! Falling asleep is getting harder and harder to do anymore. Work at 9 and I can't sleep. should be fun. At -- He's trying so hard not to fall asleep lol... No sleep for me tonight Loads on my mind tonight Why can't I sleep? Why did I wake up in the middle of the night sweating like I had a nightmare? Considering this an all nighter Cant remember the last time ive actually slept through the night :( Prob slept the worst I have last night Why am I awake right now?? I have a final in 3 hours Counting down the mins to finish 6am I still ain't been to sleep.. don't get me wrong I'm TRYING too smh.. Long nights, early mornings... My stupid brain won't stop thinking I have to lay off the coffee R u restless? Jennie Allen has food for your soul. I tossed and turned all night last night. And then woke up at the crack of dawn. When you try to fall asleep early for the first time and end up staying up until 3:00am. Change is on the wind everywhere. I can feel it. I need homework to do or something. At lunch I grabbed an energy drink. I definitely didn't think this through. I'm not tired, and now I'm just wired. Many ideas I need to try as far as DIY projects go. This is what happens when you can't find a job. Still up and available for new listeners. Check out the instrumental mixtape from Bano Beatz I keep going back to my bed. :/ Fell asleep at work for about five minutes reading and feel like I have had adequate sleep. "We matter because we r children of the living, breathing, reigning God of the universe." spirit and how it's urging the best for you Things are just getting started! It's so nice out and I'm stuck inside Been in bed most of the day lord heal my baby is too to .. by avilporwal Aaaaww you need that much space when you're asleep hun? x I need a job soon Done recording with my friend Now waiting for saturday!! Gigs. Guestings. Events. Then Rest. Oh but wait. Errands. Errands. Errands. LOL "Rest and take a break, Angela." - my conscience na namamaos na. LOL Blessed not to be in traffic. My Africa, Imperfect People, and a Whole Lot of Passion Late night video shoot wid Somewhere between mind numbed and inspired. Soo tonight is gonna be a long night.. When I'm too tired, find it hard to sleep. Problem isn't falling asleep, problem is STAYING asleep Wishing I could fall asleep One of those "stare at the ceiling all night" kind of nights Not sure how I've been living off of no more than 3 hours of sleep for the past 3 nights Once again... I am awake and shouldn't be... ugh Good For You Sweetie ! Pussy And Get Fucked . Thats All Ima SaY . Now To Kiss Eli 4me 2 w/ his Ass How do people sleep when there is so much on their minds? Think I need to stop taking pre-workout period. Why did I randomly wake up 20 minutes ago and why can't I fall back asleep The &amp; the not your but the new &amp; type sh&amp;t Hate when I can't sleep That feeling when you cant get comfortable cause your whole body is soree haha I need to sleep... c'mon mind PLEASE let me sleep... Not sure if I'm actually gonna be able to sleep tonight... I wonder if he thinks bout me like I think of him... Im gonna say goodnight Twitter but I'll prolly just be laying here in bed for hours. Thinking. I'm so tired but I can't sleep This feeling that I now have, is an that it's time for me to crawl out of this... This feeling that I have, is an that it's time to crawl out of this protective shell &amp; Start living a lil more! Let Tenley sleep in your bed they said it will be fun.. Yeah right who were they kidding. When you care about one person so damn much but you know you're the last one on their mind. Wonder if I'm gonna sleep tonight!! And here they go again Maybe I can actually get some sleep tonight if I hit the sack early Nice night for a stroll! Y'all don't even know how tired I am I had work , school and work again fuck doubles Ummmm... *Scratches Head* "I Already Fuuuuucked, Ms Parker..." *Smokey voice Woke up in a shitty mood, today's gonna be fun.. :( This is what happens when I think too much I live life with a constant need for goals, changing strategies only to gain success and never settling for less. I just love when I can't sleep... It's not like I wanted to sleep anyways. Sooo maybe taking this adderall wasn't the best idea I hate it when I can't My mind races in Mach 5 speeds. Wellll. I WANT to sleep. Lol. I am wide awake and have an 8 am final.... 6:30 is going to come real fast. This is why I can't take pre work out for night lifts.... I can't fall asleep and stay asleep. Why am I still up? Laying in bed and still can't sleep. Grrr Peep the instrumental mixtape on Ruby and I fell asleep way too early--now I'm wide awake. Just wrapped up the shoot in the hotel... shooting the rest tomorrow ! I wanna go home.... Why isn't she answering the phone....? Keep dreaming about failing my assignments and that I'm going to be late for graduation 4am and I'm wide awake. I can't stand being sick Why does it bother me so much how often you two text? Here's to another sleepless night and a long day ahead of me I know things have changed, but now i fear of losing u completely :( Another night of no sleep, when is this cycle going to end I gotta be up in about 3 hours ahha I'm so good with sleeping with anxiety... NOT. Having a beer and a smoke. Feel free to come join haha The weak and the wounded. Having a beer and a smoke. Feel free to come join haha The weak and the wounded. Chasing my tail a bit this morning. Need to stop, blank out distractions &amp; focus. Hmm, wonder if my runner beans are growing yet? When is the video coming out? We can go out and come back at 5AM cause A LEVELS WILL BE OVER. Baby doctor in a few hours and I can't go back to sleep... I've gotta get more sleep Doubling my pre-workout yesterday was a BAD idea! Calc exam today, of course I sleep the worst I have in weeks last night. "Restless by Stefan Papco - | | | | Just had a long ans detailed dream about missing my first final. You can bet my eyes flew open at my alarm! What happens when you passenger in a car this only a couple of hrs of sleep a nite isn't working...I need more! Boredom is now killing me Definitely thrashed a lot in my sleep last night. I woke up in a blanket snake hold and my sheets were thoroughly fucked looking. why there have been 3 searches for Nothing like sitting in a classroom for 3 days with your work colleagues to realize you are the twitchiest person in the room The bed won't turn me aloose 4 days until New York!! want to get out of this office and go for a run!! want to get out of this office and go for a run!! Don't know whether to go out, looks like it's gonna piss down Okay rest days are starting to seem less great. Itchy feet to hit the road again tomorrow, headed for Grenoble and then Geneva Cute how I thought I would get anything done today. Ain't myself today I just wanna eat &amp; KO right now Just started with my girls. This is going to be an adventure. This Brand manager seems have got the bit messed up with spaces between words.#fail Scary dreams are never a good way to wake up Feeling very restless, any ideas! I feel I'm gonna be up and down all game i hate being ill...i don't know what to do with myself! Need to stretch my legs...hurry up court run! Hoping to get a good nights rest! When I'm awake I don't want to go to When I'm asleep I don't want to wake up. So I stay a for as long as I can. "Our dreams have died and in pursuit of maturity, we have lost ourselves and even lost more of God" "So instead of fearing or craving greatness, crave God and run your guts out" 1 Cor 9:24 really to the top if her bed and has woken crying several Wish Stephen could of stayed tonight Dear brain I'd love it if you'd switch off and let me get some sleep tonight Only slept for 2 hours last night, yet I'm still wide awake now.. Think I'm broken The song "Help Me Find It" has helped in many times of feeling restless: Shoutout to my husband for getting me sick My tongue has been sore for two days now &amp; this evening it feels like it's on FI-YA. No idea what I've done That restless feeling and constantly waking up at night because you didn't work out things the day before My mom keeps telling me to sleep... I continue to text her with obscure concerns of mine. At the point where I'm sat here frustratingly trying to think of something to do when in reality i could just go to bed. All the I follow, including are sleeping right now &amp; I am just watching the alone.. Hate it when I really want to sleep but my head is full of lesson plans. This is the start of insanity Remember when we we'd go for a drive whenever we were feeling antsy. I have graduated to planes. Who wants to jump in a jet? Sleepy, been up since 3am. But can't fall a sleep till after 9. Another 3am day tomorrow. I can already feel the amount of sleep I'm not getting tonight Ion Een Know. Get Bored. Get Blowed. Seems like I just can't resist counting these ceiling tiles! I swear sleeping is a struggle for me 