from with repostapp --- Join the fun Outstanding look &amp; Performance!!! ...just WOW :)! He finally told me why he left me after three month he finally told me.. after all i went through and he waited till now. Looking through the old pictures makes me realize I don't know who you are anymore. Just walked out of of business for potentially the last time ever. So many emotions Do any of my friends know if today's interview from MSNBC is available online? I was at work &amp; couldn't dvr it! I'm just gonna put this here. I miss MN so bad! I wanna go back!! Wahh.. being an injured grandma sucks balls Think I drank too much coffee today all in one day lol Those dreams you just can't shake my sister and me :D cause they crash your heart ... who the fuck even uses snapchat anymore anyway What's the use of watching Champions League final when my favourite team is not in it Do you know how hard it is to walk into Jarling's and NOT order anything?!! I think I deserve an award for bravery lmao this is forever me! Training apps can fuck off I'm literally so unmotivated to even go to volleyball and I LOVE volleyball "Life's too short to even care at all." But now my is gone. All the chavs gathered around the punchbag machine God will help Another bomb blast in Abuja. I feel like tweeting my anger would be more beneficial if I actually had a decent number of followers Another Bomb blast in Nyanya, Abuja. Which way Nigeria? God help us... Is it normal, that one gets sad, when one's just tired? Not sure I want to pay my BBC licence fee anymore. What should I do?After panorama last night Hoping the community tracks the girls Anything Nigeria does, we do better than the rest, we are doing better than Afghanistan in this. Do you ever read a book that's sad, and get to the point of crying? This "scandal" is just stupid. ONCE AGAIN few stupid, mucked up people, jealous of AMAZING success In India a women is raped every 20min I read there was an explosion in Nigeria few mn ago,I turn on my TV to check but no reference to it.Instead we get Workers Day protest I have NO motivation right now !! It's scary to think about it. the is my life. Nowadays, all we hear is "condemn this, condemn that!". People'll keep dying &amp; Govt.'ll keep Condemning! Im so upset that my dress looks like I have nip erection. Untouchability practices in 1,589 villages in Gujarat So much for the developed state! Got my first graduation check in the mail today! Is it really that close? I'm not sure how I feel You do not follow me, I asked you both to follow me, but no. All this is happening and Goodluck Jonathan is probably sleeping! The current situation we are in now, if going out make sure u say final goodbye to ur family at home cos meeting them again is a mayb! Are people still going on about CMpunk Sent the young one off on her trip today sydvander Last place I want to be right now is work.... just want to be in bed Everything i watch on tv lately makes me cry... I don't envy President Jonathan. Hopefully he will act and put a limit to this madness. To think that people intentionally bomb themselves! good luck! I got bought the divergent trilogy for Mother's Day...still sat on the side untouched Even though this is due to lack of internet... it still makes you feel anti-social Getting things sorted so they can burn the wood from the house. Bed! Can't wait for this week to end it's been shite!! The current situation we r in now, if u r going out make sure u say final goodbye to ur family at home cuz meeting dem again is a mayb! I need me mightily !! work 50 hrs a week for you and the person you love to have a good life and can't get respect and loyalty? that's not bad. Great idea those pianos. It's amazing the variety you get. Have missed my train b4. :/ R.I.P Diarra Lass My Nigga Read the of Bomb Blasts in My for our brothers and sisters in Chennai. why are we so tall :/ What a friend...I tell ______naeim sad and she tell me to shut up CONFUSED..... Why doesn't government put more funds towards care for the elderly when we will ALL be old one day...? Every child should be able to know they are loved unconditionally by both parents NO MATTER WHAT! :-( I agree and the care is so inappropriate Going to be my first Thursday without all my GV pals at Beer Buckets in awhile How do this this new snapchat work grrr doing my head in Government ,phcn, water board, inconsistent the only thing in this country that seems to be consistent is book haram . I think we should all make NIGERIA a priority in our prayers starting from tonight. Please Pray! If you don't know how to pray, LEARN!! Today was the last day of clinicals. Moved to Donna Rhona Well done guys I can only hope that all the mmfa writers cry themselves to sleep every night because they are all such cheap whores for Obama. My family must hate me or something... THEY GOT STARBUCKS WITHOUT ME!!!! It might be time to clean your room when you find Christmas gifts still in the boxes Cannot wait to wear a cowboy hat and shirt to work are being slaughtered for horns made of the same keratin as human fingernails. can tattoo Superman 'S' on arm or engrave on everything but can't stand 4 ideals 'S' represents.#shameful there is a sub for my English class so everyone left So according 2 black ppl r nt allowed 2 wear designer clothes ! And that black women wear bikinis 2 compete wit whites any 1 who walks out the game on sat on 60 mins are idiots why waste ur money just done go I feel bad person rite now Finally used up all my old PTO from jcp How did I forget my book at work? seems like no one feeling them.. Beyonce,now Vic Juve out! Conte can only make 3-5-2 work well in the Serie A. Buzzing have added Stand By Me. In a moment of weakness I just ate a mixture of flaxseed meal, coconut oil and stevia to tame my sugar craving. These are condiments. Lost this stupid earring can't find it anywhere hate losing things Carbohydrates make me more excited than they should ever make anyone. kinda worried about who in Mars is ill. Medical Issue sounds bad. Hope all is well. Now I wnt to rili knw isn't that the FCT? The presidents home state?? Whr dt man frm sef? Funny when the person you love and thought loved you too never really loved you from the start Another blast.....my God please have mercy on Nigeria. When people lie to get attention lol and I are literally snapchatting each other from the same couch. I don't want the seniors to leave Omg...just stop Rob Ford, you're done. Exams were great. Waiting to hear back from the job I interviewed for. Cleaned the garage. Felt good, until I saw the pool is broken. Clark finds Alicia. Oh I forgot this. If you lie so much that you begin to believe your own fantasies, it's time for you to re-evaluate your life. Just Hw Israel manages 2 live peacefully yet surrounded by Terror.. Nigeria can't evn take care of a local group... How sad is it that while doing cardio I watch reruns of 48 hours mystery... Just Heard This....Plenry Dead Body For Them Body Happy then sad you cutie. To our Nation's faceless foes this is inhuman a fresh blast... this is a complete mis-ideology and mis-philosophy. Once again, we've shifted attention. From missing $20b, to missing girls to again. that would be cool! i just can't wait to get pissed tbh So excited to be receiving my new Canyon this week, to my annoyance it has a 2 week delay..... So gutted, been waiting since February disgraceful is a little harsh more like a little TRUE! At HOME. Full strength. People will appriciate as long as they can take an andvantage of you. When i fall asleep doing homework...i wish i could wake up to it done Louis C.K. Against the Common Core via When comedians offer better analysis then paid journalists Am so stuck 2 man unkind mood apaniyan, heartless brodas, inconsiderate bagas Why do ppl migrate !! Pls dear FGN pls am on my knees begging Why must everyone be stuck up nowadays. It's sad and another sign that society is turning to shit. can now understand why people used to say school goes fast-barely four weeks left with my girls I will miss them the little bitches Exactly! Once again, we've shifted attention. From missing $20b, to missing girls to again. Ain't been on this bitch in lord knows when ! Such A Tragic Event! 15yr Old Youngster Killed His Teacher! Our Young People Need Help! Condolences To The Families Of This Teacher! Halak got traded to the islanders for nothing Yard to investigate abuse by up to 18 teachers at top boys school down road from where I went to school Shocking !! news I just read this &amp; it's really very sad.. Pls share Today is International Save the day. These majestic horned beasts deserve life as much as we do. You realize how much a person means to you once they're gone. Be careful what you say. Even something that seems harmless can really effect someone so I was like wow..you think thats good? then he said' how you mean..thats good wii' How can technology help? If it's up to me and to write code overnight for a month, we will. Yeny esqeceu que eu tenho whatsapp I found Simon Birch online! Omg favorite childhood movie! This WORLD IS OUT OF CONTROL ! WHO ABDUCTS THAT MANY WOMAN THOUGH ! Proud moment when i realise i can sing all of fancy I will definately do anything to get my beloved country back to her right track Pumped my gas before sign price of $3.79/gal kicked in I'm 20 na. Why can't I make my own choice? Haaaay. I miss ny daddy.. may his soul R.I.P, its been 4yrs but it feels like it was just yesterday most depressing thing I've heard all week!!!! Someone had found her FB a long time ago when it was unlocked and it was apparently along the lines of the pinterest why don't I feel good enough! I remember d Kenya mall attack and how swiftly their military responded! 234 girls, Nyanya blombblast no show! I Now Have To Study For My U.S History Assessment ... That's Tomorrow But Its For Me Cus I'm We'll sleep in our beds to9t as d dead are dumped in D morgue, &amp; their families mourn. God PLZ I BEG Let Peace Reign in Nigeria If I'm actually this bored when Shea leaves town for a few hours. What will I do when he goes back to Victoria.... too hard I guess! that's soooo :( Why must everything always go wrong at the worst time possible? everyone hammered at sig ep and im memorizing flashcards Just thinking about the ttal tour, looking in your perfect eyes, whispering those lyrics to your smart mouth. everyone is about to get out of school and I still have a month and a half left Buzzin for the new star wars film next year... My prayers are with the family of We must all condemn this act of cruelty and wickedness! Is twitter broken tonight ? Sucks getting old!! Went to look at assisted living for my father-in-law. I don't lol get cookies like, 4 times a year hahahah The poor is dehumanising the poor. Nigeria Leaving paradise for the effing cold! We dnt av a swat, no marine, no CTU, no FBI, no NYPD, No local sheriffs.. All we av is Lasma, VIO, Road Safety, Lawma.. this guy is so ridiculous Why did I decide to do my movie review essay over The Pianist .. One thing for sure and it is a sad note, Vucinic Juve career is pretty much done and dusted. Some people are really really mean to other people Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ft Davido#Tchelete. SEXY"is tht a song? i dnt knw it......lol did any body feel that he/she can take his/her ??? No one told me that it would hurt this bad! I hate feeling like this... Throw back to when I didn't get my ice cream So there was actually a blast. But Seriously! What's Happening IN Nigeria? " that's the business model- screwing artists". WOW! back at u. Surely u won't end up to anything humanly good in ur wasted life. Oh ffs all this drama over Jeremy Clarkson possibly sounding like he mumbled a word in a rhyme used by everyone for years? Get over it spent the last 2 hours singing and dancing to frozen in bed. How do you find the words to say goodbye? I said GG, BUT, it wasn't GG...... It was BG. I can't even believe how fast this year has gone by and how many things have changed Tempted to watch frozen again tonight There's only about 3 really hot guys in my school. Lmao. Just a quick thought about this incessant bombing reveals that we are busying praying where we should be working and praying. Awesome! Btw, heard some news about the reboot....It's so gonna suck :( on Greys tn!!! Just a reminder of how close it is to 's episode on the show! There's not been a word from MOST of ur colleagues and we are not? We all find something to do. Play a role Retiring address tonight at the Dove Creek FFA Banquet, hardest thing I'll have to do!! In Mississippi, you don't admit that you're gay. It's just an awkward thing down South, which is sad. (Lance Bass) I just pray no one has to go through what elderly ppl have to go through in care Cause my joint is over and I have start to missing you again... Mudslinging only shows that you have nothing good to say about yourself so you have to attack those running against you. Its funny how guys look for a small waist and big ass yet don't look 2 see if she can cook,clean, get her own money and maintain ya'll Saying "I am a Nigerian" has become the biggest joke. Where is that peaceful country with happy people? Relationships now days based off sex and less self! Oooohhhh who'll be my 200th follower!!! What a great day. Except I didn't say goodbye to you or give you a goodbye hug. :( Having one of those days were I feel like I'm not wanted in any ones life I wish I have supernatural powers to track those people giving us sleepless nights in dis country. I'm such a fuck up. Walking to davey lab for the last time ever. And first. Cant believe it. Sixth graders take better selfies then me First day back at work As if I just snapped my hand break and dad had to come get me :( Typical. Fell asleep when was here, now she's left I'm wide awake and lonely. I need some major cheering up. I'm going through some hard times and I just need a smile. u r not alone if u feel &amp; unfulfilled. Tips here to get back on track, from I have tweeted over 3,000 times and I don't know if that is or -one of the most &amp; films I have ever watched. Go really miss all these mofos It's sad to know I'm done. But looking back, I've got a lot of great memories. (Bonnie Blair) I thought the new snapchat was going to be cool - Y r u scared of ? U've closed your blog to comments &amp; made your Twitter account private. as usual the world waits until it gets worse before intervening. ....if only life would be as easy as blocking/ deleting someone from ones friends/followers with one click.... Going home leaving izzi today Amma miss you swear Tried to book for lifefest in Chesterton Indiana this year but 1400 isn't enough I cook too. Some of y'all survive on restaurants &amp; fast food. I laugh at my own jokes Best thing I never had They paved paradise and put up a condo lot! never will be as good as Roya. I'm scared at how worked up I'm getting over an app I enjoyed in every way my 12 years of playing Archie, and I wasn't personally sad about finishing a long job. (Carroll O'Connor) Just can't stand to see people Happy. Mind Your Business Going home leaving izzi today Amma miss you swear Sorry, but when did it become cool to hate English culture? I haven't heard Jon Hamm laugh for the longest time. These Niggaz Plot On You An Be the Same Nigga In Yo Front Seat.... Children are growing up with a sense of entitlement. No need to work for anything because everything should be "given" to them. I dunno I didn't hear it myself but I just think it's funny instead of doing something about it we focus on bashing eachother I'm having a craving for fresh, hot caramel corn, and I have no idea where in Asheville to get it. Sad to hear that another bomb went off in Abuja.Innocent lives are lost.so many injured. First thing I'm gonna buy when I get paid is a family guy boxset When you have to question where someone went .. When they're standing right infront of you. it's been ages since I had a good mention reach. Not sure I'd even remember how to reach those mentions. your never gonna follow me! OMG aww Now its glaring dt we are been led by a wicked clueless and weak Government! You fan girl far too much it's actually more like desperation! Its crazy how much time u can give people , listen to them, be there for them but when you need them the most they're never there#lost peer pressuring into eating cupcakes CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL WHO GOT PLEASE.ONE DID OR ONE FOLLOWING AND In 30 days he'll announce proudly that he is cured and poor will fall in love all over again. Boys are growing up with no fathers. There no sense of manhood or morals to be found in them. Grandma can't do everything No more words to say#NyanyaBlast This feeling you have when you just screw everything up.... full time job for someone obviously... Someone should make a commercial showing these tweets w/ just Sarah McLachlan playing in the background. 7 people confirmed dead and many more injured at the bomb blast at Zuba park, Nyanya tonight." Sm1 swore 2 protect cuz I forgot my twitter password &amp; my email You can judge a girls personality by how far away her phone is from her face Nope, still dont have the willpower to run more than a couple of miles on the treadmill. I am just disturbed. From inception till date, how many lives, homes, families, futures, had been cut off in their prime? Pet peeve is when a female thinks that having a mans child is a easy income.. So looking forward to reading books for pleasure again now that I'm finished English forever That's true very dirty esp if you accidentally drive into North Las Vegas Homeless are everywhere &amp; live in the alleys My child is at her grandparents for a long weekend and I feel so empty. Like I don't know how to function when she isn't by my side. what am I going do without you guys I need to clean, among other things, and can't seem to convince myself to do any if it. A country as big as Nigeria should have satelite to use to tackle all this menace.what happened to NIGCOMSAT? Social media DOES NOT help these girls self-esteem at all..... My Tears Can Keep Falling But It Wont Change Nothing why u forgotten the words aha :p and I was gunna stop after this one aha was gettin aha When me &amp; Somebody break up, ion even get Mad. I just be on Some "It was nice while it Lasted" type Shit. Sad emo boy sad over melted ice cream sad Feel like I've lost my left arm tonight i'm gonna bake up some root vegetables and eat my disappointment. Why do so many good people suffer and the bad ones live so happy!? This world is twisted! What am I going do without you guys We won't be gone for long. Ah, Euro-vision Thomas- you pop up every year and yet actual Thomas always eventually kills you. Former Patriots TE Aaron Hernandez indicted on charges that comes from an alleged jailhouse assault on Feb. 25 I have problems is there's anyone who willing to listen to me Not that good at all My laptop case is coming tomorrow and a part of me is excited The thing is.. Do I have friends near from me? And the answer is clear: No, I don't, I never had it, real friends are far away from me. found this yet plagued and influenced my "Ex-Ex-Gay Pride" Heroin 'role' in Geldof death ... dont judge , its a dreadful tragedy for her children and all her family , Always feel rebellious staying up to watch family guy on a Thursday night cos I know it's nearly the weekend and I can sleep in Nearly ready to leave. and I'll never find that right girl for me! Just wish God would shed some light on her..... I am crying watching Long Island medium. My condolence goes out to all those who just lost Sm1 in the recent bomb blast in abuja minutes ago"/ Me Too These 2k servers are bad right. My throat is ever so sore :( learns he is officially mentally retarded . Day ...... I miss you, I really do English/grammar isn't mandatory for serious TV Journalist! Even after 5 years together I can't sleep properly without Sam. What a loser I am. My kid broke my cactus :( I raised that cactus from a teeny cactus to an adukt cactus :( poor Cactopolous was a fan, but not anymore hatin the tats really doesn't look good! Somebody anybody I look rough and I have no patience to do it myself lol smh In so much pain everywhere The strangers came to kill one of our own. Now our own have started killing us. No one is bothered. Not the citizens. Not the leaders. to all that we've lost to death, may Jannah be yours I see a lot of I only see devonte when hes either doing his laundry or going to his garage. I was suppose to attend a cocktail dinner tonight...just imagine after having a nice time and hearing of bomb blast? Football season over for me .. Hopeful for 14-15 Having one of those days where nothing seems to be going right People ridiculing me for missing Rubin Kazan ? if you weren't in Kazan you're not a true fan This is literally my life The feeling you get when you realize tonight is the season finale of on history channel Just got done hoping for the first time in like 1 year. Played 1 game, half court and I'm exhausted. showing your colours now. Still advocating ethnic cleansing. It's like giving someone your trust, is like giving them your SSN now days. difference is how you grow out if it technology feeds was to support people. Wetin naija presido do At the salvage yard... Bye bye car Insurance Auto Auction Someone cheer me up please sadly, the American fan is desensitized w/ nfl in their blood &amp; have accepted &amp; their awful franchise system. - in the last 4 months, ive fostered more cats than ive had dates.#catlady Omg! Im super excited about eventho I aint going! Hate the new snapchat upgrade. I want the old one Jesus Christ... Young Tory's are the most offensive people anyone could ever meet. We losin our love ones cause y'all wanna be from somewhere y'all not Some days r good, some r not, others r just plain awful. :-( I need real twitter friends not just celebrities Haven't played monopoly for years. Really got into it... started getting fun/interesting and then my mate decides to throw everything. Stopped at a drive-through for a Coke and was freaked out. Those poor girls working don't know They aren't at a brothel. Smh. The government is just playing chess with human lives Friends Ignoring you Part 2#ignore G... Well, I guess this poor lady won't spend a warm summer afternoon in a park laying on cool grass with a special someone. The next embarrassing behavior in the culture is video taping your "Young" child cursing &amp; gyrating/dancing. Have you no shame? Last day at woodhouse tomorrow we've so much promoted nepotism, bigotry and polarized lines of religion and ethnicity.. that's why we are where we are! Faithful relationships are hard to find now a days *Ludo. Nigerians are not that smart. The government is just playing chess with human lives awhhhh bful picha :** :** gau plz cn i gt a rply. Itz a long tym. U gave love 2 me Yep Okie doke il no longer be a teenager. haha xxx Annie doesn't want to go work tomorrow. Annie wants to read plays all day. Annie has to go to work because she's skint. :( I wonder if got the heart to to actually play hard tonight. Take it to the hoop. Are You Listening Music To Ease Your Emotions? - News - Bubblews My street bike doesn't like speed limits. They make it last duty at pbdd.. will miss conducting a training...off to sagay* What am I going do without you guys We won't be gone for long. I hope not. I'm starting 2 get sad &amp; I'm not a sappy girl. Agreed. Some people spend uni getting drunk, living life, others run things like that to spend time with their fave MP. Dear world, without even knowing the culture of Brunei people, without even knowing how syariah law works, you judge us too fast. BOKO HARAM started like a chess now as turned into a DRAFT, No Paul. Just sat in front of telly Just recieved the worst news of my life so far :'( My papa died today I've lost 2 very close people in my life in the last year now Why do I do this to myself? These hoes stupid fuckin with these low life ass niggas with no goals !! bruh ! used to play blankety blank celeb game at work. I name the celeb. You say where they would sit as a B Blank guest. Try it! Getting prepared for the White Sox game, Legends House, Impact Wrestling and also...Grey's Anatomy Farewell Christine Yang When an individual is promoted above their competence, the end result is chaos." The story of Nigeria's leadership! MT: Orson, Zoo's black jaguar, dies at age 21 via remember people in his bracket are usually "unemployed' so they only have to pay capital gains =P Listening to Drake can have you feeling every type of way Lonely. There is no one to talk to. I just feel numb anymore. Why can't I shake this feeling that I have? Why can't life get better? Not a great ending to the day Amazes me th length some folk go to for a wee bit of attention even if its the wrong kind!!!! im headed home on the bus and when you get up to let someone sit down why is it assumed you will do this and no gratitude shown. Its crazy how quickly things can change and people can drift apart Nothing is more unattractive than stupidity/ignorance. Especially considering us college kids are among the smartest 30% of Americans Neither had me emotionally invested like Romero. The fact that I'm moving in a few days is crazy! We're STILL Mourning d Lost Souls of Last Month attack n Praying 4 d Recovery of d Injured ones, Yet again they cm up with another One last selfie in my freshmen year dorm room Cornerstone, Wilmington, North Carolina It must say something about my tweets if I've had the same number of followers for about a year now you must creep on me hard core since you don't even follow me .... I wish! They don't ship to UK so I couldn't have a calendar. lets be honest, i am incredibly bummed you're not coming to San Diego this year. especially because i turn 21 :( I'm gonna miss this kid like crazy. u &amp; have scored yet another own goal!!! Why try 2 create a story just 2 target another low i'm ready.... to listen the concert on Coca Cola FM Really wanna shove hella food down my throat. It's Senior Night and I'm in a glass box of emotion. BREAKING: Senate Dems to Hold Vote to Change the First Amendment Tonights drink still left on my tongue ;) been a good last night on holiday with the family People would do anything for fame and money I always went to prom by myself Tonights game will be the first home game I havent worked or been to as a fan. Facebook: the place where you can see people be what they want you to think they are...it's like online dating but for everyone. I talk to my brother the most out of my family. He lives in Florida I live in pa. u r not alone if u feel &amp; unfulfilled. Tips here to get back on track, from Nd sum people paid billions of dollars 2 make Nigeria cry If I got a nickel for every time a female compliments my good looks I would be a broke ass honky. 3 years on twitter and i still don't get the point of a 'list' Welp, there goes my last class of my undergraduate college career. Im going to miss edward so much andi wont get to see him for 6 months If your black or hispanic it's better for you to stay out of trouble because THIS FCKN SYSTEM WILL TRY TO FCK U OVER. Seen it to much Last dance class I'm going to miss the seniors so much. Just how people care more about celebs than those in political positions. When yu let yo ex control your future &lt;&lt;&lt; That moment when Mean Girls day is over and you can't tweet Mean Girls quotes anymore. gonna miss you and your little ears buddy... i have an important game today &amp; im not in the mood. OHH has a new video yes but wait i cant watch it coz my internet went over KNOOWWWWWWW This Country is slowly disintegrating &amp; others! There is no point in me having unlimited texting. Like nobody even texts me. Lol at my life Seems like every Bellator event is plagued by fighters missing weight and late pull outs. When Hillenbrand runs out of sweet yeasty rolls Jim Carrey was not nominated for The Truman Show. My heart is as empty as my peanut butter container I hope 1D are making a new documentary, this ones getting old now I know all the bloody words don't know why am feelin Bitches get inspiration for tats on Pinterest Really can't stand seeing my granny so down and out. Glad I'm here to help fix up her room &amp; give her some company. I think I'm jus smart enough to know the face of the human race is so horrifyingly ugly. I haven't seen one froyo shop while I've been down here.... LOL! Highest ranking official in Torrance - attacks Toyota they leave. I don't feel like going to tomorrow! My 10th year of playing and still no win.I know afew that won 1st time they played 4 fun and didn't use it up. I've noticed is hard growing up, for there's people getting offended by the sound of the wind . I love Chili so I WILL. :) Ted also was upset at NUMMI, and wanted to be quoted to run for AG. Thats the truth. Just wondering.. Do you like fall out of love with someone you've been with for more than 10 or 20yrs? :( Still slightly puffy eyed from crying myself to sleep over the I understand why but really wanted a happy ending U can be nice all day long but if I still see and smell bull shid then I gotta cut u off cuz u nice to get more ppl to like u Letting the radio play in my car for less than 10 min reminds me of why I stopped listening to it in the first place I want them but I live in a wet place so they'd only be taken out at shows This is gonna be a hard weekend.... Hate seeing Nana like this. I was just feeling unloved Your birthday is the worst day for your license to expire!! Just got denied for beer on my birthday! Thanks for saying you'll always be with me but then never sticking to your word. No Sensei Wireless yet on the mail just heard the rumors about color. Would've loved a red htc one. Thanks for denying your true fans the choice of color. You forgot a few words: Impeachment Demands Explode (on Tea Party Twitter Feeds) After Benghazi Truth Finally Revealed. I'm just watching last nights episode of big brother and it is so sad I am crying so much holy I can't stand being away from the person I want most. because tornado seasons are getting worse and tired of seeing children lose there life I should have gotten a trophy LOL Hahahaha No one will be ever able to figure out girls I can't even figure out myself Everyone's pregnant and im just like fuckers :( In this country, we don't have tornadoes, volcanoes, landslides, tsunamis, etc. ironically, our major catastrophes are man made. You go from fuckin wit too many, to not many, to any at all. Insaniyat fades away again from my city once known as city of lights. All I see is tears... All I see blood... The Death Toll just keeps climbing and climbing. Truth. It just seems like John McCain is an incredibly unhappy man by his rants ever since his loss to President Obama. After playing the game i love since i was 5 years old, Im hanging up the glove. My dream of playing college softball came true Lord what they did to your character today. You're in good company with all the great vets that FV/RC destroyed. My phone be so dry now. Nobody texts me thanks for abandoning me I really wanna do the cold water challenge(: bahaha I wanna momma won't let me Some people are so jealous there cunts With all our 'religion' this is where we find our country Marineland's Nellie the dolphin dies at age 61 via People are always in a competition when it comes to babies, relationships, etc... for it was a idk why im hastagging You know there's an when the best hitter on the team is the pitcher with a .300 batting average. I want to party but don't have any party supplies Most of the boots here have seen only concert floors Its so nice outside and I'm stuck inside doing laundry and hw i stepped on one of our little kittes :( hope i didn't hurt the little one to bad.. Happy but sad at the same time! Thank you to 26 young people! Because you have not followed me? Don't you hate when someone makes a promise and then never actually does it! Wait WHAT?!?! Unbroken is on the sound track?! I watched it from start 2 finish and I never heard it on the movie!!! This is the definition of no heart. That moment on the bus when a guy sits next to u &amp; out of the corner of ur eye he looks hot then you realise he's I honestly think the 76ers would beat the Pacers right now This is pitiful the pacers have absolutely no heart. I don't get why my girl hasn't texted or snapchatted me in forever... Just saw and it was really good! A bit sad, but really, really good!!! so the sensible thing would be to ditch them while i still have deadlines but this is pretty much the only communication i have atm I woke up like this Braves are going to be swept by the Marlins I thought it was gone, the feeling I had for you When your TV programme doesn't turn out how you want it to I guess the troops of Republic will be waiting for Kiev forces to come for their kids! This can get REALLY ugly. I swea niggas be hating hard 2 bitches called me ugly now I believe them I don't know how I feel about going to my last FFA banquet We no more safe in our own country... I've never been so disappointed in a company before...and Marshalls has always ranked among my favorite stores! I'm just gonna sit here in my pjs under blankets, watch the game and not talk to anyone. Everyone's always been satisfied with what they put out for state the past three years. This year, nobody feels that way. Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober not to make us sorry but wise. (H. G. Wells) With how the Sox have been hitting.... That could be your ballgame. Niggaz that curse and act like girls tho.. smh My brother talk to HOES before he talk to his sisters All these bitches good 4 is laying on their back Pacers aren't playing like a team that could be "fishing" tomorrow I am truly a fat lil girlll Awww my CNA class is over with Bitches go sooo hard over a nothing ass nigga Blimey I'm a blubbering wreck after watching Senna. I have a really good throw back Thursday, but won't let me use it. My mom doesn't care about me tweeting about my life:( like what the duck!!! You're just after anyone's job aren't u? It doesn't matter whether it's Wenger's, Cook's or Clarkson's does it? Men stay in dey feelings too much. They'll die before they destress. I really want the rest of my parts to show up so I can get the front of my mustang rebuilt already. Feeling ignored is the worst feeling :/ Last night in our house!! :( Bring on the busy day tomorrow moving everything!! I feel really embittered about the match We could and had to win! I swear bitches be hating hard This part makes me cry ... I miss summer why cant you come sooner When you see someone that deserves better then who they are with Que maana tengo que estudiar?? NOOOO!!! That feeling you get when there is nothing you can do to help! I really think some of ya closest friends be wanting the life u live but true - Chicago Ain't Safe .. R.I.P ENDIA !!! Why does my whole life have to be filled with lessons and not blessings (I do have some )? 2.5M Indo-Chinese people were slaughtered by communists in Vietnam &amp; China because the Liberals pulled us out of the Vietnam Conflict. The fact that I'm not gonna be able to go to concert this year &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; I'm trapped in a glass cage, and I will cut myself all over getting out if it means being with you. When my dad cones all the way to Appleton to take me to eat and I have to work... Oklahoma City loves KD even though they've pretty much realized it ain't gonna happen ever. just remembered my car payment is due today Now I'm listening to some blonde chick complain she has to be out the door at 6 after being up since 10.... I have no shame saying I teared up watching My Sisters Keeper. If you've ever lost someone to cancer you can relate to that movie Didn't get to hit on the bag today Well, it's again. I'll be watching tv tonight at 10:00, but my heart won't be in it. No more nudes on snapchat :(((( I just saw the most sad thing ever this little girl dropped all her timbits I can't figure out why I'm always so sad will never see my tweet and never be able to follow me. my bby is sick face sigh I got my head on this desk and its not comfortable at all I asked my sister if I could perform her marriage ceremony and she said no work doesn't have that channel Pls dear FGN pls am on my knees begging I'm pretty sure you are bipolar. wahhh plus seating and my TV doesn't work gonna be a long 4 hr flight Music is good no matter what mood you're in.. my best friend just went from living a mile from me to nearly a half hour away so I guess that's over...? Love the people who are stuck in their home towns forever. Ugh I wanna go home already :( Just one more level befoer this Whodey suit is mine. Goal of my day! Lolol Can't even spell how . Aw didn't perform with Pitbull. I wish i was famouse &amp; on the Red Carpet right now I stepped on gum on my Roshes today This movie makes me happy and sad at the same time I miss Waterville, college, and all my friends and family I made along the way Guys have gotta hate a girls monthly visit as much as they do!!!! &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; lol Not true don't buy this Bergeron is awesome but sadly he is a... Bruins Great lip syncing start to the , not. I hope they have some live performances. My hair stylist quit offering weekend and evening appointments. is the very reason the Military hates Liberals. They detest us. Obama fired top personnel because they didn't give in. We found the only tulips in Ottawa. Reading a book you cant put down because its so good.. Too late for this though These bitches will do anything necessary for them 30s Then comes the realization that your kid has no friends. acceptance I wish I could erase bad memories Nigga will, run , walk, ride the bike , ANYTHING when a female wanna fuck Off to see The Wanted for the last time The rain is so loud I can't even hear my TV.. If more than 200 hundred american girls were kidnapped it'd be a day off and alllll over the world even in tombouctou! The world easier than most, such a shame lets hope the cycle of addiction is broken with her kids,addiction exists in all walks of life My job I don't like Who wants to do this with me? yuuup! The left ears it up w/ a spoon! More kool aid please, sheep When no one will play frisbee How does the feature work? It claims to be tailored just for me...but I'm not interested in anything it is showing me. Ugh still sick! "Spring break 2014 refuses to sick" When people dedicate their lives to getting more followers on twitter oooo lawd my little vaca is almost over noooooo I was at tony and Adams tonight and Parker beside you but didn't even see you Anyone with android get a snap update? I got the vid but havent recieved a option to update. "Tbh you're funny " that's all I get betch? Not even gonna say you miss me It is quite hot for me in WA. I don't know why summer has come... Wish I was in a relationship Are producers trying to only show people using their phones during the game, or is that what we as a society have become? they are making money off him and nigga dead kc isn't a true friend anymore : make even look - Jamaica, New York . if she ah act different I know anybody else would If only you knew. She's playin' u like a fool Why are today playing in and not here in Chile this wednesday?? I'm not a girl if I can't even make my hair look pretty Yeny esqeceu que eu tenho whatsapp :( The way she looked at him. The Bridges of Madison County will play its final performance on Broadway on Sunday, May 18. "Tbh you're funny " that's all I get betch? Not even gonna say you miss me This world needs to be a better place It's May and we haven't had a thunderstorm yet just got around to doing my dishes from last week when i lived in the suite Thanks to all 3 people for watching my first (third) broadcast on ...I am so lonely Today has not been my day Looks like I'm pulling the first all nighter of my college career. Today has not been my day Thinking about streaking my hair...but my moms being a stick in the mud and wont do it for me. E'ry night I pick out a outfit for skool so I wont look like a hobo, &amp; what do I end up wearing EVERY DAY? yoga pants+black XLsweaters Depression: A great threat to heart - You find yourself in tears for no good reason. Your... Last series this weekend against Hofstra Leftover porkchop, fried eggs, and grits make for a nice supper but doesn't take the place of a cupcake. missed you the PAAE BBQ just put in a request to that she wear sunglasses to formal for me since I won't be there U.S. Home Ownership Rate Falls To Lowest Level In 19 Years: When you see a girl all abt a guy while you know he doing her wrong My honor society flower is breaking apart. I'm have seen an EF4 tornado &amp; had 5" hail land feet from me; why do I still get the heebie jeebies shooting lightning near a cemetery? Now i have to get rid of all our tweets.....i think this is going to be the hardest...#breakup Gosh ohhGod wats bcumin of dis? God plz help M nd Jesus put M in prayerz Sharon Tate by Roman Polanski original photo at the shoot location today... It's quarter to 2 so me and are going to watch Madagscar. Dat feeling you get that makes you Sad. Aaaaaaa feelings I hate you! No I have a7la dm s ,,but Im not replying but I heard some young girls got some nasty chips may ALLAH check there imaan what's he think of Iginla. Asshole its that we can just jump and ask for resignation(s) with out knowing the facts! must go tho!! When you see a girl all abt a guy while you know he doing her wrong My 28-week pregnancy and the 20-week abortion ban: why choice still matters | Jessica Valenti I wish i never lost like most of my pictures :( I think I need a new rig. CPU just can't handle OBS anymore. Just when i felt like doing something. Shout out to for becoming our 200th follower! Now if she could just retweet this so we can have more than 200 followers. Heroin again! Too many ppl in this world struggling with addiction. My heart breaks for them. Too close to home I'm bangin some killer tunes and my homies are not here Eating firehouse subs after tha hard game my bro n friend played I'm a proud brother :) All class in Boston Following PK Subban's goal When you see a girl all abt a guy while you know he doing her wrong for the love of baseball gods what do we gotta do to get an instant replay? Why bother having big screen and cameras? The is an evidence of gross incompetence on d part of our security agencies. I'll lose! My best technique is still yelling "You aren't my daddy!", then turtling and weeping. Never kick a weeping man The amount of phone numbers I have for babysitting outweigh the amount of numbers I have for friends. Hahahaha it's on the HufPo.. Must B true! What? DailyKos site down! Turn that music off.. Schools done! You should be celebrating! Not slow dancing in the mirror, by yourself.. Lol I miss being grabbed for a huge hug. I miss my hand being held. I miss laying next to someone and being squished. Why cant i see the best in me?? In Mississippi, you don't admit that you're gay. It's just an awkward thing down South, which is sad. (Lance Bass) Placebo - Song To Say Goodbye: Ok what's going on Season 1&amp;2 were Great. Now everything seems fake and forced. so Halak is on the move again. make Teague look like Isiah, Lou Williams like DWade, Mike Scott like Sam Perkins, and Kyle Korver like, well like Kyle Korver. deserves to be the next Good Night Impact Family I'm going to nap I can't take the pain so I'm gonna go cry myself to sleep A3: Wish I could say we use it a lot BUTour Ts needed confidence in their skills 1st. Our Ts rock but have been isolated. should be at right now .... I want a flurry. Too bad McDonald's will be closed when I get out. I can't believe Sam going home from American idol On the other side Indian is facing elimination It's so hard to watch kids from unstable homes start to lose it because summer is nearing. Lol me we'll ok time ago They really should have thought of their fans when was built. it's that time of high school where you find out who your true friends are...#Depressed One of the newborn kittens just died Can't believe went home.. is wrong on that one How amI supposed 2 c 1 of my closest friends before they leave Saturday when I have work early every morning ;( most likely the people who mean the world to me will never see me play another fast pitch game ever. Now on hour 4 while waiting for someone to fix a hinge. No ETA, starting to think DFW will be where I rest my head tonight I really don't want Peaches Geldof's death to have been from a heroin overdose. very very disappointed that this happened and twice as disappointed in the poor taste used from 2 of the Idols Matching shoes and saddle get split up tomorrow You can't lose something you've never had. I have no desire to play or any Call of Duty ever again B is being mean to me Ted.. HIbbert has gone from being a dominant center, to a giant cheerleader in the 4th qt. That will get worse with Obamascare. When the firefly died and it rain B is being mean to me Ted.. A lot if gestures in crowd. I ate 4 slices of pizza, 2 cinnasticks, some cookies &amp; 2 cups of juice, I'm STILL hungry Sad part is thunder should have won 4 in a row just like tonight. It's time to come back to Peru, but like this? I think not, because he did not post any photo on Peru. :( I have 3 people I can actually depend on. ARE YOU fans ready!=) gonna be is leaving. I don't even know what I'm feeling right now spiderman comes out tomorrow and I have no one to go watch it with Never been to the mall carnival Dog crying on owner's grave. Broken ankle and out for 6-8 weeks Megyn, did I hear you say thank you to the Dobson's? just found out my ex found a girlfriend.yay? Thank you all for the sublime snapchat stories :( Why do people do some wrong shit. Then when you get mad they blame it on you. Or feel some type of way thought it'll be vise versa My heart is dying. I think it's true that a person can die from a broken heart. Lesson learned, once you've been heartbroken, yu will never be the same &lt;/3 SO UNJUST! New Musical The of Madison County to Close on Broadway I just broke a nail............ Pacers are still garbage no matter what struggling to beat a 8 seed team That sad moment when your friends back home text to see if you're home and going to sunfest The email I wrote to my future lover ; he's all I really want. I'm me. If that's not enough then that's your problem not mine. it's not that far from me but i've never been to hollywood What was I thinking when I decided to ship off my tv back to Kissimmee... I'm cut-off from the sports world and the playoffs :( This is true!!! It happens Don't know what my life would have been like if my family didn't move to Wisconsin 20 years ago. Probably a lot less old fashions. I don't like what happened on tonight was my fav I can't believe he go voted off love the restaurant but remember to have cash to tip valet. u can't over tip staff for cash back to tip Hockey is the only thing in my life that has always been there for me. Unfortunately it's seasonal. Exhausted. Had 90 adds in my hand today and couldn't even pop one I must rely on your tweets for my update, not that ur not good, but im watching on did I hear you say thank you to the Dobson's? So let me just ball my eyes out after watching braveheart for the first time Y'all can take them " Pacisback" avi down now Trying her hardest not to cry during the movie. The Most Interesting Man in the World is pretty much just drunken-orgy-era Roger Sterling at this point. I want a controller soooooooo bad! When you get twitter and have no followers... Neither major party cares about the middle class. They care about going from being millionaires to becoming billionaires most articles I read start with "Henrik Johan Ibsen is a major nineteenth century Norwegian playwright." Today was so bipolar :(: Kenyan Somalis are really suffering in this Usalama watch arrests This is so painful for mama Rosario to accept Alejandro's death....and i can feel her!!! I Be Getting Cursed Out on a Daily basis. Smh the shit these bitches put they self thru behynd a nigga Stahp. Can't handle it. Love her. So I went dress shopping today found a great dress... Then I placed it somewhere left for like 5 min and it was gone lol is currently having a party by herself I have yet to try the chat on SC bc no one I am snapchatting has upgraded. Willy Wonka &amp; the Chocolate Factory borrowed from facebook page warning made me cry thank god for a happy ending I wish I told her that she was beautiful tonight.... not "our" league Scott. It belongs to a bunch of 1%ers hell bent on making a junior look &amp; feel cheesy show Seeing Cristina and Burke in the same space is such a tease... Really hating that she's leaving. She will be missed!! Just saw a guy with a shirt on that said "we're back." Just spilled half a cup of high quality ranch People are different on twitter than they are in real life and that's Ok so i dun rili get y my brothers ve to b sick during wassce but pls God heal him can't airplay to my Apple TV after it sleeps unless I restart it first. Plex errors every time. I can't get ready and listen to drunk in love without here I hate hate haaate hate the update. It won't let me reply to Luis I can't even go to Jersey anymore bc flights are 500$ round trip Finally tried on my cap and gown I just wanna say I'm from Kentucky and I've never been to the Derby!! Whenever someone decides to take me!! Please let me know Ffs looks like there a 90% chance I'll be moving out of saskatchewan We Have 13 Days Left &amp;&amp; ALL He Wanna Do Is Sleep I try to stay so positive all the time.. And then you come around. i thought this was gonna be a mirror selfie the eyes of an angle dis song jus keeps playing my head moments My sister is moving away and it is really starting to hit me. I've been feeling really old. Girls that I've known and taught since they were 5 are are now going to college next year. Jealous of every girl who get tan so easily. Do u this Pls read this Take BREAKING: does not know the words to the national anthem. make up shit to talk about on twitter Dude can't even have a private conversation without getting banned for life. lololol i thought she so called moved on?? she should of been closed the chapter with us in it! Just thought about Dom from Gears. Just spilled half a cup of high quality ranch tragedy, high quality ranch is hard to come by Lol not off me and being 30mins late for practice b/c we were having a Nerf Gun fight What am I suppose to drink with my taco bell now... Wish I could talk to you again like old times. What did I do wrong for it to be this way?? bc I'm 26 years old &amp; have yet to read decent fiction abt women w/ disabilities in chairs One of the best episodes of in a long time. Definitely not what I expected. The vicious cycle. When will we learn. Infamous Tattoos I just want to cuddle, cry, then fall asleep He said "UTJr" and tweeted it at recruits that won't be attending his school R.I.P. Sparkles I love you! And I'm really going to miss you :'( I hate everyone posting videos of them tumbling because here I am like I can barely get a standing tuck over anymore My throat hurts more than my legs do I had a dream Hilary duff released a new song and it was called and I LOVED it I missed the world premiere of Michael Jacksons "Love Never Felt So Good" :-( So fucking bored annoyed upset and just everything. I just read back. I see what you're talking about more of the same nonsense that was tweeted to me. why didn't u keep ur promise? Lol Why tf is it hard to win someone back? When you see that one person and it makes you sad everything that comes out ur mouth is immature definitely. I feel like all the apps are suffering from a case of mistaken identity and are trying to be each other lol . You started getting your stuff already ? I would if you texted me Me when I try to tell a joke. All the time. niggas swear they ballin but can't buy they bitch a bathing suit bro Mann chicks really be out here buying stuff for dudes that don't even claim them . Even though Bailey is a little bitch sometimes I'm praying for him so much cause god knows I can't lose him. Hard to believe it's my brothers last day of being 11 "Truth is, I gave my heart away along time ago, my whole heart, and I never r... yet true Obsess much?? Oh how I hate followers! Be your own person! What's happening well I'm still sitting in my chair tweeting about my life and my mom still don't care that I'm tweeting about my life I wish I had RL life friends who lived close to me because I would really love a friend to hang out with right about now. I feel like I'm not trying my all in school anymore People who hate will always hate someone or something to avoid looking at themselves. I was hoping Burke would want Christina back. Thought that's why he brought her there! I was wrong!! I can go .... Nowhere Jesus Christ.. I'm more of a mother to the young woman than the chute shitter is. Why can't you just be happy for me? u didn't answer my rant sorry please get off driveway. Leave him and his family alone. This is sad ^-^ look closely ... Starting to think doesn't want me anymore is never going to be the same Although the cancer is killing her it's killing me too. Think of the government as a 5 yr old...it makes things easier to understand. Is that it? It had 2 b more than one person. How large were the donations? U need 2 tell the whole story 2 clear your name. Popcorn ready!, night of movies My House Even they know.. they know ..they know.. That you a hoe ..a hoe ..a hoe I don't get why people won't follow me. Am i not interesting enough? I can't even get on twitter without people tweeting about Greys Two boyfriends less than a month Im 22yrs old and never been on a plane Photo: I Love You Always . I won't be there.... I have plans already insulted me through every aspect of his new video DIVERGENT got me in my feelings. Its almost and I still don't own a stormtrooper helmet. I think some people want you to lie to them! Ahhh and you don't even follow me!!!! That is sad until one recalls how many bad books the world may yet be spared because of the busyness of writers. (Gore Vidal) Live in a middle class neighborhood. 3 families, from India. The women work only inside the home and rarely interact. Big or small, lies are lies ... 3 month's is such a long time I was warned but I was just too intrigued. I've already booked my next appointment! Just feel I want the feels back. maybe its time? or.. maybe not. The fact that and I had to google how to use the new snapchat &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Sucks getting old!! Went to look at assisted living for my father-in-law. it does-my moms in one Inference: we don't always appreciate homegrown talent. Gov't saves P20 B by hiring UP scientists just finished my possible last shift at The Sleeman Centre and I'm super bummed about it, best job ever and the best people there too Beloved jaguar dies at San Diego Zoo Maana hay clases, la vida no es sencilla yeah, lot of the time it seems to takes away their happiness - and then either makes them really sheepish or cold/mean you know what you do! you sit on a thrown of lies! Looks like there is one way to go from here! People will do everythin and anythin juss to get sum attention Can I please get my life figured out already. :( Meh, -- one toast to the - make me Omg the news I just got right then but then again I'm not even shocked at all lol bc it's really I'm trying to teach him his body parts seriously i thought it was you lol Had to say my first 3 goodbyes today I'll miss you &amp; Soon I'll have to turn my iPad into my school for the Summer. Exactly iii Already Had His Ass Plenty Of Times Dtfll &amp;&amp; ' Thats Why Shawty Afraid Ctfuu Having Suck A Horrible Day :c you are a fucking idiot Leann Rimes. The only people who care about you are the paps cuz they make $ off you. Mandir-Masjid se fursat mile tab na !!! dying river doesn't bother netas - My#tbt, my beautiful mom. I miss her day about me today and I just can't... why must i be so stupid sometimes... just bought a nonrefundable greyhound ticket for the WRONG time... T.T Just watched the last episode of I think it's funny how these Heat fans don't want Pacers, Nets, Spurs or OKC to advance" Shit, i dont! Concentrating on the will make you miss all and lead to life Hillsong always cheers me up when im sad apparently as did I. This is their 3rd try at it. I hate when people I love and care about disappoint me I've been so busy this week that I miss my cat. Like I haven't gotten a chance to acknowledge my cat. I remember when we all sang We Are Young freshman year. I missed singing... My Fav song for the concert "I Need You" tonight!! Last late night robs trip forever u r not alone if u feel &amp; unfulfilled. Tips here to get back on track, from the blonde bitties are out tonight Not ready for Friday not that I don't like it but my ain't died so I don't want to see her dead Farms Dam I guess I'm going to prom dateless Priorities fucked up,, but look down on you smh You can't even put up a fight Probably the weakest person I know.. Really upset with myself lol. I just complained about not having internet, and some kid somewhere is complaining about not having food. My sis gets pregnant, moves out, and then only speaks to me when it's convenient for her. Livest my phone has ever been ! Lol my dog chewed up my anti venom action figure Such a sad Grey's Anatomy tonight! I will miss Cristina! I'm so sad I'm missing my very first Apple Blossom Festival! That moment when I realize that I have to wait to watch tomorrow because I dont have cable :( Before and after.... Now accepting boyfriends who work at places that let them have beards. Looking for a pass. Media is mean to me. Be nice to me in 2016 campaign &amp; you can earn my favor New : Truth is like a piece of paper i hate when people think youre lying just because you laugh but i am lying if I'm laughing can't watch it locally, so must rely on the crew and whatever network carries the 2 losses in one day if you ever think its a good idea to listen to like we used to be a rocket to the moon, do yourself a favor and don't Take a breath.. It's almost summerNI MIERDD.. Sera invierno cuando vaya a Paraguay :'( Jus seen da shit on da news.. smh Seriously just heard a young, 16 yo girl talking about how she is TRYING to get pregnant. An accident is one thing. But on purpose? I got all excited thinking I got a text from someone when in reality is was just a reminder of my phone bill that was sad.... I'm sad. Maybe I just expect more from ADULTS. People older than me, even. I must be out of my mind. Just saw a dead cow on the side of the road &amp; then a dead dog in the middle, that same dog was standing in my driveway this morning. This is the scariest picture ever. Mmmmm it is winter someone get this boy a jacket Walk-off the field to the dugout cuz he struck out once a "spectator" ALWAYS a "spectator" you worst enemy will always yourself Honestly I'm heartbroken that is leaving the Late Late Show...I don't like change :( yes a chance to see u live for the fourth time but no tickets "It takes two to tango and I'm only one" If only wonka bars were sold in real life... I would eat one in a second :( we were waiting for ya! U Of Alabama Sororites Win Right To Ban Blacks Just wish things would go back to how they use to be... But don't think they will now.... happened to me yesterday.... some said "Am from kenya and am a Meru" so i was asked what are you? Just got the news of an another classmate passing away. My highschool is losing classmates like we stormed the beaches at Normandy. :( Finally accepted that I will be dateless for prom Oh well ! still gonna be one of the baddest there soooo Made $20 bucks tonight at the restaurant. Somehow lost it driving straight home. So ready to graduate, but so not mentally prepared to leave my choir family... So ready to graduate, but so not mentally prepared to leave my choir family... wow you tweeted my life, Forgot to post this last night. Babe still ain't got points WOW! It Still kills me that people in tornado prone areas do not have basements! Why is that our women STILL have to fight for their turf? They are the There must be something in the air... I remember when I use to get virtually raped in video games Walked outside to move my car admiring it started it up and the first thing flash at me is the low fuel light Ugh I'm such an emotional human being today tbh I don't know why I try to get a follow from one of the boys, I won't ever get one. It's hard haha Can I just pick-up all my friends and move them to NJ with me this summer??! If you wonder why all I post on twitter is videos/pics, it's because I'm not witty enough to think of funny things on my own Just saw Amazing Spider Man 2 at the drive in and I think it was soooo good. I can't believe what happens at the end tho. I'm so done! Not sure if you also follow and his single handed crusade against gun control in USA. The NRA run the USA! &amp; in the end it didnt work out! If anybody want to talk ... Hmu Thing about KU nowadays is their players don't care about the program like they use to. Just care about getting on to that paycheck. u guys have manage to allow money to blind your view of what's really going on. Being a punch line is what u have become. when Keegan and Ella went out. Guys guess what. Someone called me dumb :/ Last night I got to fall asleep next to him and wake up to his smile. Tonight I lie alone I'm all my kids have smh Hahahahahahha. Awks. Someone stalking my Instagram. I saw they liked a pic from almost a year ago. Then unliked it. Awks mate That means you don't have very long left being here :( End of an era Goodbye When the person you want to talk to goes to bed. and We need a in the "The American Middle Class Is No Longer the Worlds Richest" when handed freedom the next gen of N Koreans may spend decades recovering from trauma of Kim regime Saying goodbye to my beautiful friend as he moves on to greater things Word is that won't follow on twitter Okay okay here u guys go still love u boston next game next game Ugh. Two overtimes for this? My work schedule is ruining my social life WHAT IS THE PROBLEM? DO YOU NOT LIKE MY PICTURES, LAUREN? If is wasn't for that thing between y'all legs some of y'all would never be relevant cause that's all you have to offer. Jordan deetrd me off snpachat again so I couldn't send it to her ....AND, THE LACK OF KNOWLEDGE WHEN IT COMES TO THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE!! Profanity is the sign of an ignorant mind. I've never been this genuinely sad about a loss screw the Habs This snapchat update ain't cute Nights on where you just stare at your racecar trying to find something to do because you can't buy nothing for it cause your broke This world is a curse &amp; a blessing in EVERY aspect . Too much out here going on for the greed of money .. A fuckin piece of paper af I am going to miss your voice and your face on our 5 month anniversary... That moment you realize you aren't a priority. urges on So that when we grew up we &amp; I hate the fact that i keep blaming myself for my uncles death i need someone For a second I was jealous of the 18 wheeler trick drivers who are pulled over on the side of the highway sleeping in a bed. I think i'm a D cup now had my heart set on roscoes today. the one on pico. Literally up studying alone and snapping people who won't snap me back... I thought so too until I realized Joey Crawford is the old ass ref and Jamal is the bau7 Goin' to Future w/ bae omg so already. Work - My escape from reality... I got like 3 stings of chin hair, Only way to keep one's sanity is to keep your eyes on Jesus. America has become an insane asylum and the inmates are running the place. thankful for Justin's snapchats but he's only posted like 2 selfies today &amp; i saw a double rainbow. we stopped to look it for a bit while others walked by. take a min to enjoy life people! Tonight was so hard. I'm gonna miss you Eleazer. You know it's real when I'm crying so hard I can't even sing Wicked to you. I have no friends up here ..just hubby... lol When you listen to Fiction. out of Madrid. Que barbaridad news. skewl has a way of gettin to my head like no boy ever could Big baby is an idiot he quite possibly might have just ended Jermaine O'Neal's career Come on u r bettr than that. That's wats wrong with U ppl u just ramble then make up lies. It's May now, mother nature. You can cut the bs. I'm probably the only sucker that enjoys the cheesy pick up lines on tinder still Too bad it has to end tomorrow i really admire your passion and tweets The racist comments coming from Bruin fans tonight is making Donald Sterling blush. It's upsetting when I know you are sad. - For your sake &amp; ours, Put down the pot. And you're resorting to this to promote your films/work? Hoes trip n fall off it's just like that ... A text from me puts you in an instant bad mood... wow, well don't I just feel so great My best friend lives in Germany! I font think I've officially dated anyone for a couple years now ;o what isn't owned by Coke. ive never been so disgusted with people in my life.. I'm bored at home he's out if 1 white girl goes missing it's 24/7 coverage. Some things will never change. heard rehearsal, "u want her to treat u like the headliner, u have to treat her like the opening act" realized i'm never gunna see my senior friends again in a couple months. Hey your app doesn't work. So this 'Boston fans being racist' is like a thing now? We should lock it in for every playoffs? Some times I feel like Charlie Chaplin I hate being at somebody I love talking to. This weekend won't be fun at all . . . I am quite sure that our fans R far 2 intelligent 2 believe these stories being reported &amp; 4 that we R blessed. Champ is going back to the country tomorrow. experience. I can tweet fast cause I'm constantly thinking my mind never rests I hate "aint shit" niggaz that are convinced they good niggaz. The racist comments coming from Bruin fans tonight is making Donald Sterling blush. Forgot how much memories we had... good talk. We all miss you bro! sorry if it's a problem trying to talk to you -.- It's hard for me to smile right now. I like Lebron, but an all Lebron app, wow! Just, wow. I think this woman just spent 10 years in jail unjustly. Some folks will settle for anything and anyone, just to say they have someone. what if they are actually on my timeline :( People turn fake over summer break. And it just started. A Ugandan Prof Rose Okello who has been living in San Francisco (USA) has died but no one knows her relatives. Body in police morgue. Post The Fault In Our Stars I don't think I have enough fingers to count the number of times I've cried today. Triggers include (but r not limited to) Vines my favourite person doesnt even live in canada It seems not one player on the can hit a jump shot besides and Wishing more than anything that I could go back to 1st semester and do freshman year all over again. So with but why did she have to die??? why the hell were you guys in the penalty box so much? I can't even get a snapchat from you.. Some time you have to speak &amp; explain to mfs like little ass children an they still wont understand Can I just go home and forget how this school year ended? Is that too much to ask for? I don't know what to do anymore ;~; When nobody snaps you back...fine. I'll just go back to my Hot or Not app California Alert: Intercepted email shows that industry is trying to hijack May 3rd Gasland 2 screening. Love how people gotta let u know how good there life is on social media after u cut ties with them New : Once upon a time I was falling in love, now I'm falling apart. Buy lunch before work, find out there is free pizza at work. This is my life... Nobody understands how upset i am about retiring from smo3d this year. my last tweet was meant to inject humour in a hopeless situation. No comment on your tweet. Slept with and woke up to . Where exactly are we heading to? Revolution? i feel like i haven't seen anyone i actually like in a lifetime Should I give up to get yours? I believe music started because some1 had a n their Rather it was r a it had 2 come out.#musicwillsetyoufree To know that I have less than 2 months of high school freeks me out. I wish I could do more...I wish I was with you right now!! Sigh...#StoryOfMyLife It's 3+ today. But no one gives a damn. The one who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest. Pretty disappointed I didn't get picked by ....I was feelin subban in ot from the start.... I haven't even watched the movie or any of these episodes. yea right ! Hah I ugh... Idk what that means anymore &gt;.&lt; I've honestly never been more upset in my entire life.. Feels like summer trippin me out that we have school still Genevieve was a good witch but her ancestors was so mean. She didn't want to kill the baby. the only thing he's got out of this is we're not on the website I like bf4 and have a YouTube My little boy is so upset I am not home with him. Only 9 more days baby. Done with classes forever, I will miss you barsema and your legendary bathrooms you always forget about me.... :((( Please follow meeeee!!! This isn't how it's supposed to be... Ha! That's exactly how I am feeling tonight. i feel the need to tell twitter about how much i love Frasier, i'm currently crying/cackling alone in my room watching an ep dskjfhksdj Feeling and about today being my last day of school for the foreseeable future Premonition is one of my favorite movies I'm so glad it's on! "Lima you're incredible", Hahahah only 4 days? Waking up and finding my mans missed calls Watching people get out of custody with so much hope to never go back, but they're sent back to no resources and no life skills. I woke wishing it was all a dream... your glance looked so real, your hug felt so warm, but then again it's just a pigment of my own imagination.. Thinking about how a lot of my friends r graduating The bruins lose to the Montreal canadiens My eyebrows are starting to go that way Its the little things that make us happy, so we shouldn't let the little things make us sad too Just realizing why they did the Grey's episode how they did. Christina is leaving for good. My senior year is almost over. Where the fuck did all the time to?!? this is like a pic someone would put like or some stupid shit when they're really not sad j bored and stupid Jayoni never text me back My parents don't help me to make my dreams come true. Why?!!! there are more and more protests being done over there! Why the torture? that moment when you want to wish yo man a hapy birthday but he is nowhere to b found phone is off everything he is just not reachable Watching aziz ansari with hope! Will be missing your event today.. Haven't had a chew in all day I'm a big time drinker??????? I have never met anybody that is as full of shit as you There's a total of maybe 3 people I trust everything with not including family. seriouslyyyyy? The ending made me feel guess most renowned end as tragedies This is the first marvel midnight release I haven't gone to in years...cherry on top of a horrible day. Sometimes I don't like sleeping alone I'm just going to spend the rest of the night crying until I fall asleep. Its so hard wen someone special to u ignored u...its even harder for u to pretend u don't care chill, I'm a dog walker with no dog When you lose the most important thing in your life &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; as a liar and someone who did not keep their promise on net neutrality Niggas be tweeting and dey don't got any hoes smh You'll move on and I'll still be sitting here in love with you, waiting for probably nothing.. This is how I feel knowing is in FL and I can't see her. doesn't even begin to cover but only if you hashtag because otherwise i will be The Assam attack is extremely disturbing. First news on the timeline is about people getting killed. Bill Ray really asked for a gig in his next movie as his grandpa? PUBLICITY VEHLEE BETHEE HORR KI KARNA NEW SONG JALDI PAWANGE HOWEGA I think I could do better than the whole clippers team Jim jones &amp; Chrissy done been engaged since season 2 of lhhny... There's been 4 NYC Season &amp; 3 ATL Seasons Can only imagine how much of a shitshow ur timeline Is if u follow thousands of people. I'm probably one of Murphs most normal follows views and comments totally inappropriate but regardless of anything it's never right to wish anyone wrong. all around. What do you do when your 9 year old dog has in the last year started barking consistently when you are not home?! I love how I don't drink for 1.5 weeks and my tolerance goes to shit. Every 6 minutes, another person has been victimized by rape. Lets fix this problem by going here! Damn even the ugliest people I know are in a relationship and having kids I remember when you were just a little boy and had a crush on me. Now you are a lady killer in high school. I miss my best friend, she left to move across the country today. People be like "Retweet to save a life" stfu you're not saving any lives unless you're sending money thirsty for some retweets damn On May 1 ,2013 Leafs played Bruins in playoff opener last year. MISS the Leafs in the playoffs Here is one more of us. Week 1 avg: 4.16... Week 2 avg: 3.55. out of 10. Ahaha! Fuck Weasel? Funny! Someone spent time thinking that up and then writing it down? dad said i can no longer play the Contra becasue he is going to bed TELLING PEOPLE THAT YOU ARE WHEN IN REALITY YOU'RE JUST Now i see the real reason why you didn't wanna come over. Females are stupid, they like being a mans side piece instead of the main lady. The Spider-Man movie made me feel getting to a point where I want to . Why? All because of money. I hate money, I've always hated it. Females are stupid, they like being a mans side piece instead of the main lady. lmfaooo Going to bed at 1 AM is early for me This is how we feel about leaving each other for the Summer! ...Thanks for helping girl Watch this video to see how animals are turned into food via how can i watch ? They dont play it here Are u against all controlled music too? &amp;Not buying ANY Sony products? Or just boycotting MJ The people I consisted my best friends in high school I never talk to anymore.. bestfriend not going to school tomorrow with read a few things about coal. Wow, ruining our beautiful planet. :( My life is honestly more fucked up in ways no would could ever believe they make what sells for the masses. That's how art is controlled by economics. Oh how I hate goodbyes. sometimes i wish the boys were not vine famous. Just left my daughter Katie to airport; +my son Jack is in Washington DC I got really excited when I got a snap chat from because she never does Reading twitter and seeing many people celebrating that someone has cancer is truly disturbing. Those people are lower than Sterling. Drive all the way to fort Myers for Folz to not hang out with me Phones a piece of shirt man :-( that's why I had to go hulk on it I miss him going to kill ma self... Lol jk Why would you bully someone because of appearance, clothing, or size? Go get a life and leave them alone If you have to buy followers... When pricks be cheating on their GF's with no regret Getting everything ready for senior wills this weekend makes me realize I'm really done and graduating. Missing Rocky Rockitino Rockino Iannucci I've been eating my feelings all day/night! I've got to stop this! So Tyree can be on twitter talkin other girl but not text or pick up the phone for me Lol when people say you've changed when clearly they can't tell that its actually them get a life bro..clearly the internet is all you have haha i wish I can donate blood but I don't weigh enough :///// My FaceTime never connects anymore :( try again This woman is getting on my last nerve talking about these stupid TVs. Just found out that Claresse was killed. I wish you didn't have to go I always put chocolate in my pockets and then forget about it til hours later so then it melts bc of how hot I am i've ragequit like twice ever on sf4 and lost like 1k pp from it Had to fill out my own exit evaluation because my boss said he didn't wanna cry. That moment when niggas trying to hit on your lady over the Network... Tonight is going to be a long night very sadden by tha loss off my dad JACKSON NJOROGE NDICHU R.I.P Niggas actin hard behind a screen, but aint about to do shit in person. lmao last home season game tomorrow... ever! I can't wait for the day when beautiful girls stop bringing themselves down for below average guys to pay attention to them. Fuckin hate bein led on having time wanted I do this cuts deep i thought I could judge good people you didn't tweet nothing about peru :( whyyyyy? I will never know :ccc I miss having a caring girlfriend around Didn't get my green screen stand today T-T VIDEO: The real price of a fur coat - foxes kept in filthy cages for seven months before being skinned I was going to buy an iPad but I decided to be responsible with my money and not buy an iPad. Because responsible. But it's hard. you can make yourself or you can make yourself .. So which is your selection ? I work in I live in But most of my film work is NOT in LA. and wishing Vince was sleeping next to me tonight. sadness.is the correct answer for this picture who cares? Sounds to me like Ukraine is at war. terrible of to do that to yall! 2 going home next wk would be a huge risk. can't believe ur leaving tom Oh how I just Love it was . ikr do thing to be accepted by others who dont give a shit about us S.Witch Hunts? No one cares until it happens to them!! Private conversations no longer private? Didn't sound racist to me!! We live in a country where we want the government to do everything for us. I am not a fan of late night thoughts! Sometimes I wanna question God why His given me His hardest battle when am not His toughest soldier: ( Fire alarm at dinner... make it stop PLEASE!! Niggas actin hard behind a screen, but aint about to do shit in person. lmao" It is confirmed ruins friendships. Ended a friendship because of Solo Q. The game is apparently THAT serious. Honestly, i worked so hard this semester. I don't understand what happened. . Nop! I don't have room to humor your bullshit My face when I try to my move my arm with my new tattoo. I don't want conversations with folk on snapchat. If I wanted a conversation I'd text, Facebook message, direct tweet or phone them. Could not agree with this op more! I've always been a proponent of women's rights. Another failed LePage act. Teflon Rob Ford has had meltdowns before, with no loss of popularity. Why should this be any different? Seen this movie before. When I was younger I always associated the word library with happy things. Now that I'm in college I generally associate it with stress God Receive The Soul of This Innocent Civilians!#Tears!! My throat is swollen and my head feels like a smashed up Brick! 39%?? faced harassment during campaigning..ridiculous !! And What about Security there?? Wow 23% of young gay people will try to kill themselves Yeah, like killing innocent people in the dumb &amp; foolish acts of Bombing behaving with Full Flash Badtaeezi So little sleep Fred's accident has really got me uhhh why cant i just be in your arms and wake up with you by my side Instead of the 3rd it's the 4th of seeing my boyfriend, only day difference but I was looking forward 2 Saturday :/ Only got 74 followers :'( I thought shit was gonna go down man That is outrageous! Teachers should be held in the highest regards and respected. This is a slap in the face to them. that m83 sample isso sick Oh So bizarre to imagine the most peaceful place I've visited in my life erupting in terror and war. The exposure of the earth, showing me that the earth are really old. after almost 6 years u with me now i need to put u back to your place I miss tonight 7 years in the making and I missed it kinda That annoying girl that use to criticize your style then suddenly starts dressing up like you.. What I feel, can only be expressed with tears... Needs don't end then ~&gt; Family Caregivers Dealing with Their Grief Still in of Care Themselves I have a whole folder of RAW images I shot about ten years ago in Alaska that PS or LR will not open. CRW files shot with a Canon 10D. So so sad to hear of the loss of Marilyn Little's RF Smoke On The Water. What an incredible little horse with a big heart. When someone tries to rap for you and ends up calling you a "chubby calf"- uhhhh wtf?! Hahaha it ain't gonna happen anyway time soon What can I say? Simply disappointing!!! Music can speaks what u feel inside :) In loving memory of nena June. Rip. Well no and no or any major festivals this year but rejection is part of life So now is trying to be the new ?? Caught some feelings watching Spiderman 2 That was disappointing. Green goblin made the movie for me. Expected more from both the plot and acting. Nothing lasts forever. Only 2 chapters left, I miss Conquering Life already :( And what they say is true... Nigghas accusing when they doing The same people "watching your back" could be the same ones holding the knife.... They shouldn't be killing animals on Miss my shower, my bathroom curtain, my old bathroom :'( I know this's reality, i know it!! i know it! :(((( When it's been like 3 weeks since you've seen your party buddy &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;#dafuck Photo: I miss my boobs. yaar in 60 digvijay got GF, hum toh 20 main bhi lukhee reh gye :( sach main Incredible India!!! Farina never had his full compliment of players to choose Why? some other people need to held accountable with a side of motor oil? I forgot my kinder egg yesterday btw but I've incentive for today now Stupid feeling. Cant stop falling in love with you. I wish I was 110% healthy again and able to play hockey again :/ I miss it all. Also wish I wasn't in heart pain either. Really not sure what to expect today All I want is someone to talk to, someone that was actually listen to me. This is what happens when your friends park next too you -.- true. he was so beautiful w long hair Unfortunately, after months &amp; months I finally caved into updating my iOS When both your parents ignore you... bought these when they first came out. Put them down somewhere in the house and they disappeared :-( Tbh i didnt know what "tbh" meant until 5 minutes ago... she's a nasty bint. Her only point in life is to spew hatred against the s and their extended family is ended it had brought joy and excitement even thu no lyrics where located where Iam now Easton officers taking part in a 'Day of Action'. Some early door knocks! We're sorry to have disturbed you but you're needed in court! no it's Mickey Mouse today. The peppa pig channel has went back to nick jr2. I actually miss daddy pig lol Why I was crying :( It's very simple, I just tell my sad story, and people weep. (Corazon Aquino) that's a good point. It seems to be the sole driver of so many people ... It makes me First friday in CH Towers without coffee morning (now on a thurs!)-day oddly is stretching ahead without cake on the horizon! Aw my box didn't arrive yesterday. :( Where is it? It was my dissertation-has-ended treat to myself! Just worked out over the lasy few weeks I've travelled about 1,500 miles...between Wolverhampton and Saltcoats and i'm doing it again. Maybe going home is the best idea. No wonder doesn't hire new talent , the market is literally way too dry for looks or talent . Dey don't show Victorious anymore. Big time Rush is coming to an end n icarly episodes are old Strict parents...have the most sneaky children ever ...LOL Just left the Philippines a few hours ago and I'm already missing people specially these two! Nothing like being woken up by stomach cramps and the AM runs. My bowls haven't been the same since my cyst. Mixed emotions so exited about my new adventure starting tomorrow but heartbroken having to walk away from someone I care about so much why don't you come to the Arndale in luton ??? Some twat has changed my password on Facebook and deactivated my account Why am I so awake when I should be so asleep? My mind is stuck on laying in this bed Alone...... Being Alone, this has to be my fault. Just I'll hit the hay... I don't even know why I'm still up. I blame our State Legislatures for ignoring our infrastructure. I heard it all n baby daddy's who aloud it sad too No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. No one has gotten me any flowers in a long long time. sure was a :( day i so remember watching it all happening live on tv It's really sad that you guys thinks an apology is enough. Why wouldn't you put yourself in those children shoes. Listening to just brings back loads of sad memories! Last day in seeing all my family!! :( all xxxxxxxxx You can't have the good guy and the timing all in one, something always has to fuck it up It's been just a day but I miss my laptop already :( How about checking facts before busting down doors and thinking "sorry" will fix it. U wouldn't like it for ur children. It sucks that as minors we knew this, knew that on balance there was no inventive for us to speak out, that we wouldn't feel protected. pulling ham and bacon just because Muslims don't like it's is a ridiculous move, what next remove cheese to please the vegans "Hating you is the most exhausting." I hate when I cant sleep and I'm forced to think about the "what ifs" :( I just want someone to understand what I feel.. :( I can't believe a directioner blocked me? why are humans so violent? Why I feel jealous ? :( I know this is BAD !! Emotional times... Going for lunch with and It makes me when my hot is really bad if only my can work. can't open it!!! The weather was SO nice on may bank holiday last year! And now look at it this year... One word...'wowww'..last nights the tissues were out that's for sure!! Fab work When I fail a test No school for me today and today was the day we got to dissect a squid. Sleeping isn't a thing tonight Just realised I'll be missing free comic book day AGAIN because I'm in chester and there is no nearby store Knowing there is no future w me deters any sort of beginning... no, I didn't. I haven't watched it yet til it started. No TFC! Kapatid lang and GMA. The world are in total perdition... accident, death and war are the leit motiv in our life! I actually feel bad for being leaked early. Doesn't even matter that the game actually looks good, people will hate anyway I'm lonely so lonely, someone talk to me? no, i didn't. I haven't watched it yet when its started. No TFC! TV5 and GMA lang. Belgian tradition club RWDM Brussels doesn't get their licence for second division and are automatically relegated to third division. andrew garfield left Instagram?? :((((( at With all these steady ongoing crisis in Nigeria, I guess I just have to remain in Ontario for a while. That's crazy. So a lot of people felt sorry for her, now it seems she doesn't deserve it! What makes people do this anyway? all in cadaval here and I get a dry :( Helping others, kindness you show to others, can make you feel good, happy and have a sense of total well being. Kiev decided to initialize a civil war. Fuck you, you little dwarf. You know how to screw up a legitimate thing that never should've happened. I wait everyweek for another episode of cause I know this is the closest ill get to a happy ending People in my circles of friend are leaving Brunei for good, one by one Last game of football Tomo Me n ellie frothing out the mouths over like 500 pound prom dresses. Never gonna happen now what do I do with myself till Vikings comes back next year? Game of Thrones will finish soon too.. where is the Walking Dead?! follow me sel, it means anything to me :( I've been waiting for that a lot. I love you. I just want U know I'm here. so yeah basically by ki... No all I got left is the thought of youGod has his reasons we don't know Man murdered after chasing down another man who robbed, stabbed a woman holding a baby I just saw someone wish a Facebook friend a "hbd." Is that what it's come too? We can't type out a simple "happy birthday" anymore? Christmas makes everything twice as sad. (Doug Coupland) OMG! This is NOT for the faint of heart and unbelievably disturbing. And that's because y'all live in Arizona...together! Lol aw well as they say good things come to those who wait if it makes u feel better im having to do all my coursework again You are beyond help... Enjoy your monochromatic world where everything is either lovely or offensive Going to bnq to buy the wood for my decking Remains of the car that was laden with the bomb that blew at Nyanya yester-night. used to bump that shit back in 09 grade 8 that shit made me Now that shit make me {wraps my arms around you} i love you how long will Coleman be on this morning? Also, unfollowed? This is what I am doing vs. what I should be doing It's a Friday. Instead of being with his family a local man is sitting here drinking his ass off &amp; singing like an old drunk If I don't make it, I'll be very sad that there are things I didn't do, but I'm happy that I've done what I have. (Stephen Jay Gould) Just thinking about what happened hurts Nancy I feel sorry for your children. If I were you I'd be embarrassed to call yourself their mother Awk bless, hope everything is all right Can't please everyone, of course, but I really really wanted to go :( you know i feel the same! Just gave my last chocolate to my friend and now i miss it :/ This whole waking up at 6/630 is not settling well for me when I have to work all day impunity is the order of the day.Terrorism became a blessing in disgiuse for the police as it was their 'turn to eat' Last day in don't know what I am really feeling of being and together :-) :-( Oh I already saw a colleague try with one today. you list rookies who haven't raced sprint cup cars at Talladega, &amp; leave last years winner off ur list? When. Leonardo dicaprio tells u to hold your breath, you hold your breath When You Lose The One You Wanted Because He/She Is Taking You For Granted. sh!t" In the end that girl died I never questioned loyality of like you did. You raised question mark that he didn't put in enough efforts. Study says rate goes up if the wife is sick... but not the husband Sadness is also a kind of defence. (Ivo Andric) i don't want want to be here :( how about showing a story on some Marines instead of Harry eating nachos and laying out? In think young girls get prego these days just so they can get a free ride on welfare Dont ask me. Just hug me. After having the best cappuccino since Italy in the North End last night, I didn't anticipate a great drink, but that was a crappuccino Electricity....our bane in this nation. Getting worse by the day. Doing my job makes you realise how short life is! no point in doing nothing in life is so nasty to me Wish I had you with me right now... Last day of work at FSU. Here come the waterworks. Because they attack abuja It's not the time for blame game, we are all sad.... Nyanya isnt Asokoro or Maitama Rowe is so shit but we have no one better I have no idea why my eyes always look so upset nowadays Mixed emotions today seniors last day Time is goin by 2 fast times I've never been this sick in my life before Death of 22 yr old girl in proves we actually have no hold over Her death was supposed to be this tragic way. I thnk ambrose will loose today don't :'( I want to cry too, I'm so when you are sad. I wish to Haven't seen my hubs in 24 hrs. This is a first. Usually we see each other at lunch&amp;dinner time when he has duty. But not this time . Love being off school so I can watch Daily Politics so sad that I finish coaching at my primary school today! I don't knw if I would say "the people at the top are asleep or what" The one event I find with Donal Ryan's name and I have wedding to go to this always happens to me! I have been left to a solo lunch on bank holiday friday is no lunch buddy Omg this is sad ;-; a little saddened by this one it was a mix of exorcism of emily rose, exorcist, and the occupants. Everyone voted no Don't get to see him all weekend ..... u hurt me once again. and this is what we subliminally teach girls... Huff Post plugged all the schools accused of mishandling sex assaults into a map &gt; 55 Kiper and McShay havent had as many mocks as Grossis had combine YAY FOR COMING TO AMSTERDAM. BOO FOR ME SINCE I CANT GO, IM IN SPAIN My girls first day of being in school all day and in missing her like crazy :( Cristinaaaa!!! I will miss Sandra Oh Last month of school I'm going to miss everyone my twitter feed is a hell of a lot shorter now that the Stars season is over. If your main objective in life is to get money you have already lost me. A piece of paper... Everything you are is a piece of paper. Now I wish I didnt eat breakfast so I couldve gotten a muffin in math Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowed room with boring people than I feel on my own. the players should play for Real So So Sad Footballers When You Lose The One You Wanted Because He/She Is Taking You For Granted. sh!t" I have nothing to look forward to after ball, graduation and my birthday and it's all so soon Note to self - don't allow my stoner doorman to take care of my plants when I'm away next!! :'( I have more friends online then I do in real life I think most wouldn't have the strength of character to say what they truly think to someones face, hence twitter tirades. I don't know but I feel so sad.. lol all they know is to give there kids cereal my mother cooked breakfast every morning as a kid So guys, did you enjoy the fan farewell last night? Last time we will see some of those guys in moose uniforms Just spent and hour studying for the wrong chapter of my Spanish test. That's how my day is starting! day I thought today was Saturday When people change for the worse I hope someone slaps u both u know nothing Really sad but I look really cute today. I really don't like what's going on in right now..so much confusion..totally bad for my bp! i had a dream that you got into a car accident and died makes no sense to release an album what happened to the breakfast this morning?!?!? There was nothing I can't believe it's finally here! completely gutted that "le phes" will not b gracing us this weekend Server goes Level 3. So as the rent :( There is a small grave yard where I work I decided to honor them with some flowers All of my favorite characters together! :D *dying* Last class of Historical Theology. that's me in a nutshell U have 3kids yo oldest 3 nd you dont even think like a father So sad it's nina's last day There are so many disappointing people in my generation that put drugs and partying before what's really important aka mr. Squinty Eyes apparently doesn't see me tho - or Winnipeg GET ON TWITTER ND SEE ALOT OF FUCKIN BLUFFIN! Only 12 more days till I'm outta high school! and its Got this sick feeling like I'm making a mistake Emotions are high while watching it looks to me like their brains were trusting the adults in charge that was non-deserving one. job by Indian oscar commitee. It fell out of list in Oscars. Should have send LunchBox. I thought it was user-defined . Oh wait... writing letters to and Brian Ufford today. Of the estimated 300,000 active voters in Davidson County, around 13,000 voted early. End of the year tennis dinner Famous off the pitch than on the pitch. if only. I'm sitting here already waiting for news. U MIGHT WANNA TAKE A CAB NEXT TIME! (O_o.) But if ur happy with 25k on rep w/end without nrl plus free tix everywhere then our expectations are different. Saw this the other day... it is too painful to watch but great acting from the cast my favorite young actress JuliaMontes delivers all the time. "Oh yeah the game went into second over-period or something" mom, it's overtime.. really out of 9, i gave 6 answers fastest :( our girls are gonna grow up surrounded by men no different to the ones our nans did! We've made no progress at equality Everytime I hear something about you, it's never good. I need to get up and do stuff but I just can't. I hate this time of year. :/ Today's sign of societal doom: Colleges ordering grads not to take selfies on stage to keep lines moving during commencement. Last day of bio together forever! I had to call our IT people to block my ex from calling the office. The bed moved. It accidentally hit me. the EA has removed The Oasis Trust from its membership today. Just thinking about what we were discussing last night! (Music) Rage Against The Machine are no more, according to drummer. Here's Tom Morello on their powerful legacy. You know you've hit a new low when you're planning on going to the movies by yourself Just a little depressed and messing around with and I love this song I've hit rock bottom. Someone pull me out. Girls noticeably changing everything about themselves to match their boyfriends hunting or bong loving standards My childhood, I would say, was a bit sad. Society resents that. (Columba Bush) this shudbt have hapnd .. seriously wats hapnin !! it is .. They smoking loud... And want that sell so bad that they want give you the loud man connect A Damn Shame How Ppl In The Kno History About Sports Or A Celebrity But Dont Kno The History About Their Own Kountry... well ok. im generally opposed to fishing tweets to establish a trend, but when it IS a trend? Just had my last ever class at Uni. Today my desire to enjoy the beautiful weather is tempered by the knowledge that if I do, I'll turn into an itchy-eyed, sneezing sinus. Spend every Friday wishing that time would hurry up and get to 9 o'clock so I can watch gogglebox They say if it's worth it. It's ganna take some time. I hope all works out Don't worry, it's just a bad day, not a bad life. I wonder how Nigeria through its ECOMOG activities could instill peace in W/Africa but cant handle a small problem like Boko Haram! Oh and just so everyone knows, Spider-Man was sooo good. I've never been so emotional during a movie. Today is a national holiday.. is so at me right now Apparently some people would just act all kind to you because they need something. Some people just really abuse your kindness. this Ch7 show is extremely ordinary. I left Perth and the western front was good local footy come back to bara Why is it ...grrrr on !!! Photo: Go back for home Heroin played a part in Peaches Geldofs death, echo's of her mothers death I realised that, but it still hurt because we were close before they decided they hated the actress and the character what was the Temple headline?! Are we really living in a day where newspapers are apologizing for silly headlines? for someone who hacks phones of grief-stricken families, I find you'll jump at the chance to take anything out of context. I had a library fine go to collections once, it was so bad. And I lived ACROSS THE STREET from the library. I know I can write a 10 page paper in less than 3 hours. I just can't bring myself to focus on anything longer than 10 min. I would but I can't reset my password Judge resentences juvenile killer Qu'eed Batts 2life without parole 2 dead badgers within 100 yards of each other I, sad we won't see you for the derby and oaks this year Sam went home last night He was one of my favs! I hate being called jo :( plz don't do it x Well the highlight of my day was getting a free bunch of bananas For the record I will NOT now be going into Ripley tomorrow night as planned! So it's all yours. Ocean view .. The last evening here montreal fans r not perfect, but a racial slur trending in Boston because Subban scored the winner? Going back to the city face I wish I had my old house back ): Me and would miss McDons breakfast by 3 minutes Good Morning Everyone It's "FRIDAY" In I'm At Werk...How Lame!! Had last day of work experience today but on the plus side, did get a nice card from the staff and a box of maltesers!! :) 140 pages of Twitter abuse and death threats omg !! If I could just leave this place for a week or so Toute chose a une fin When I found something, someone had already found it first. That moment when you have 3x xp on GB but still can't get up in rank everyone just decided to leave me at home today Want but got no money in my bank No White Collar until Monday, what on earth am I going to watch now?!?! I have so much to say but you blocked me haha It is all faithed in just one message... Ugh, MDX, you are so frustrating me. Disney does such a lousy job with their websites. no matter how honest u keep it with some ppl, they just will NOT allow themselves to accept the truth. Lol it's not even the afternoon yet Sometimes I just need someone to treat me, want someone to be by my side and never leave me :( Going to a family friends funeral today. She was so young... wow should have stayed . come to me I miss my mountie friends way too much right meow Grown Hoes Acting Like Kids .. Kids Acting Like Grown Up !!! strategist, unwittingly admitted top GOP prez contenders need "to keep the donors &amp; money bundlers close." GOP=BIG $$$. Feeling all of these bc I miss my daddy and I will never get to see him again bc he's my spirit Wow, I can't believe the is shutting down!! Please, no more condos! End of placement at Beaufort Hill How is it that I have a better UX w/ 4 webmail clients open in different windows than I do with a single desktop email client!? You go ahead and sit for that money! RIP 728 Moore: devestated by Hurricane Sandy, she was put out of her misery this past season, demolished and replaced w/ a new home You gone fuck over a good nigga. Im mad Im 19 and still get that shitty feeling when I go to the dentist, even though Ive been going by myself for a like 2years I don't wanna talk to anyone but you... I wanna cry. I need to clean my eyes. I've gotta break up with my phone company! Wrong move Ms. Lee smh &amp; cancellation of Celebration of Gospel via Page so slow...hadda refresh to see tweet updates :v SO all you fit people be thankful you can squat, lunge, do box jumps. B/c I want to shoot all of you when I see pics of you doing it gutted im not there when you are we coulda fucked shit up Listening to my sister playing a song she wrote about our nan, brought a tear to my eye! Oh bitch you crazy you give your self out to anybody more then me pissing In one day You know who your friends are when u need them &lt;\3 Well, poo. Can't get George Strait tickets. Every Spider-Man movie on this opening weekend broke opening records. The shops hates me i'm so fucking fat Today is the 47th anniversary of the leafs last stanley cup victory ohhhh no climate change on mi feel like mi ago sick up bad This nigga just said he know I'm not a virgin I'm too sexy to not have got the dick Only got 3 days off in the whole of study leave did you JUST discover emoticons and youre playing with them? (i dont have any btw :( ) The Amazing Spider Man 2 was amazing. I'll admit it made me cry a little. The movie was literally perfect The door has officially closed.... Now I'm gonna really have to trust that God knows what He's doing. Its always the keyboard warriors who feel the need to put nasty statuses when they get dumped. Well here goes the last class of junior year... Following photographers on makes me . I get 20 hearts per photo, they get 88k. Staying late on a Friday because im keen as mustard So true...its almost like they don't have a conscience. The today, including myself, has become more afraid of the judgement from our peers than the judgement of The Lord Just goofy AWW MY BROTHER!! Left my sandwich in the fridge today Its sad how you can go from feeling great to feeling like nothing in a person's few words... Took us all of 18 days to come up with an 'authentic' figure of hapless girls abducted right under the noses of our security agencies. You're legit the most boring person I've ever come into contact with. Then again, no one is perfect. Banyak foto, pm, quote, selfie, music, movie, di Timeline very true hun unfortunately a lot of people in this world have become too self absorbed The thought of pay day is making me want to cry Muslim poeple protection crouch in mesir it's always a bitter female that don't like me over a guy that i don't want. Fatty is in isolation while his cut is healing Don't know if I'm more excited to drive again or for my baby Oleg to come I don't want to feel this way So my Blackberry 9900 Bold, is beyond repair...so I ain't got a phone and I doubt I'll but one anytime soon :( Why will people not get with me??? Now we have to teach kids how to play at recess? by Forgive me poor soul, for this has to be done. i tired but cannot sleep tele me Girl in my class has Louboutins on, and Celine pencil case, Tory burch backpack, and Michael Kors wallet. Her outfit=$$$$ my closet= $ O'Lord save my country ... just finished watching full series of staggered that no second series one of best tv dramas I've seen I wanna go to but they are sold out.. The headline struggles, but it certainly was pretty clear there is a whole racist faction of Bruins fans. I quote Pulp Fiction and my young coworkers don't get it. 