tried on my suit for the first time in a whole year! fits perfectly! I made my husband a cup of tea.... Just got news literally 30mins ago my bff is engaged so happy!! So excited 4 u both!! :) :) xx Thanx Mom For Taking Me Out To Eat For My n For my YouMom Didn't see on the draft it's not an OK issue check out the G Men FB. Especially when it comes to OU and OSU most fans don't want homers. It works lol! Reuse your Celery! New Godzilla movie actually looks pretty good Phone has actually allowed the snapchat update! wow. didn't see that one coming. In an amazing turn of events my research data actually makes sense and I know how to interpret it! when my me on my is the on the pic wit me! couldn't make this up ... dam man. My phone ... I do like actin doe. Im :) BBC News - hits leader with an it's a bit late for ! My mom came for my birthday. I love you mom. Sweet gift from one of my students to brighten this gloomy day. really? Someone actually looks like me ? lol Cody is actually a good driver. Last tweet for English! Learning about the 1930s was a whole lot more fun than i thought it was going to be I'm going home to nap alone for the 1st time You're actually sitting with us for once! It takes me giving the kitchen a bit of a clean/tidy up for him to wash his stuff up?... Not sure if everyone's so happy about Durant and MVP now anyway Behind every man is a woman my sister and me :D Woow.with 85% of voting in 7th phase of my place is at In and too. Wouldn't be if I do with your of for despite your that I missed Xyiltol. Chewing gum can clear your teeth? Me to buddy. I was totally shocked when I saw that pop up on my Feed. It's not about you or me, but it's about us Since a never what he says, he is quite to be taken at his word. One big massive pie to the face Attack on Titan is soo good Europa League Final will be Benfica vs. Sevilla Thanks so much for the NCC beanie Some little girl just said my ice skating program was amazing when she was even better haha Got a 51 on my English EOI, so I don't have to take the English final *-* . I think that this is the first time I've said "I bet I could fix this code in 20 minutes" and I actually did. Crawford: Andrew, Micah, Corinna, Ben M it's 12:19pm and I'm already on my shit Whoa! Thanks for the shout out! Wasn't expecting to get those sort of results for ED's dreaded lab report and assessment day. how come are you on twitter Hehehe.... Issorai.. From mad sun to crazy rain...... and to be nominated for this award! Hackers are yelling at babies through hacked Internet-connected baby monitors. Stay classy, America. President Murray just held the door open for me, so I guess he moves up a little on my list Baby Alice's reaction to my hand Big Brother's house Seeing favorite my tweets lets me know he didn't die last night. I got accepted into Utah State's Music Therapy program! Congrats Larry. How did I miss this memo? Seriously have the greatest supervisor! :) Driver speed awareness course done! Was actually quite enjoyable and insightful Well hello there old friends! Karakaxa's House Love seeing people show their true colours! So I have finally Only more day to go! Hahaha first time cheris lihat miss nya muaythai.. biasanya lihat ngajar yoga.. This Chorizo And Potatoes Burrito Was On Point Got complemented on my hair yesterday at the grocery store. Happ happy birthday to our beloved and probably the best Director, Direk Noemi. :) So I have finally Only more day to go! WTF royals is on MTV it's been ages I'm still 'Protestant', I'm still 'Messianic', but I'm seeing a surprising amount of good in some aspects of Roman Catholicism. Just got a cute surprise in the post off my mum from her recent jollies Toronto Mayor, Rob Ford, checks himself into rehab for substance abuse. Actually slept through the whole night With him &amp; his cousins i thought May 3 pa. Tickles and Giggles Used to be afraid of at 18 read the entire New Testament to disprove Christianity only to find it was true &amp; said yes to Jesus! by The 100 is actually pretty interesting Totally just noticed Tracys mom is John Travolta-_- Apology accepted. Tambo Lipa City I just read this and it made my night :) I truly don't understand how cruel and messed up people can be sometimes. That extra $300 that showed up in my savings today. PRAISE God. Wild vs Avalanche actually got me more into hockey OMG, people are angry about being checked on their privilege? I'm shocked! they didn't forget about me this time 1st time watching = horrors of factory farming &amp; positives of natural nature. Wow my parents didn't yell at me for the slight decrease in my GPA and they said they understand That poem.. Hahaha. Who knew a cat and a dog could be so affectionate to each other? Umm haha wut. =)) Best graduation surprise ever!!!! My parents are the absolute best!!! I attacked her. Look at her face I've been pretty happy the past 4 days Shit juss noticed one of my Ex's still wears the neckles I had given her from a long time ago wow u know how to ref Freaks me out that you're talking to me. No complaints though... Did not expect this at all but I got a Promposal Very impressed i didn't get mad and break something on my car while working on it today And both inherited runners score You know that the Donald Sterling story is big when MY mom knows about it Didnt Think Pakistan Did Decent Films Yeah I didn't see that end coming! Watching Criminal Minds... And is on... Didn't expect this Rob Ford taking a leave of absence!! My parents are letting me go into a singing competition?? Tell you what, it sure was good seeing at work today... When your boss texts you back and says she loves you&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Neville was actually going to shoot Charlie? for a father he disliked every being in his son's body. Just saw noble at little Caesars.... He shaved his head. I was actually someone's wcw. Whatt..? My are to see them! Awhh Thomas sister drew me so pink petal tea cake actually smells good burning There was a making in the so me with a Offered to get chick fil a for &amp; but they both declined. I love my girls from work Manisha's room is now a Gents Hair Salon. I made dinner tonight and it actually turned out pretty good.... American basketball's racist row brings record punishment there hasnt been more comment about this Wow. 2 for 2 didn't think that would happen... Happy Birthday Mommy, u're the best mom in the world Peaches Geldof died of a heroin overdose... ? No ? Yes Read a stat in the that said only 26 of this season's 356 games have ended 0-0 'Night all; sleep well Atletico Madrid vs Real Madrid in champions league???? Messi era has ended As I always say *expecttheunexpected* you will be :-o x Still have not gotten tag for the cold water challenge. Been seeing some wild shit the last few weeks He has done his job. Defending difficult positions and policy to people that questioned very little. me and baked a cake and it is actually delicious??? Great evening at imagin' church tonight just because it's Wednesday?!! My boyfriend is BEYOND amazing. Have you guys ever watched Deadbeat on ? It's actually pretty funny. Am I just witnessing a Jose screw up? Having someone like your new photo on facebook and it been one of the last people you thought would I just saw Selena's IG videos. She has improved a lot. She sounds good Actually got decent marks in computing! under offer estate agents ! Estate agent said he has shown Half of Kashmir around this house ? ? Hahaha classic. How chicks look when they take off their eyelashes. When you ask something and they say if you do it I'll leave you. Wow Oh wow. Ok I'm going home and drinking my bottle of wine. glad I went to bed before it was over. So tired from jury duty waiting yesterday. I looked at the score this a.m. Eastbourne, UK... Aparantly it didn't like being hit with a metal shelf Yeessss!! I'm a finalist for most promising athlete and sports woman of the year!!! Car has only gone and past it's MOT yeaa...i knw dt..bt if its in u destiny to meet her...u vl dfntlly meet her..as i met 2day...:) Zac Efron on starring in "Those are big shoes to fill." Good to see FOX caught on. majority of clubs wanted this, with good heads in Kelman etc involved Hubby took time out of his day just to come &amp; have lunch with me Simmons actually let me go to the washroom today No threats to Amartya Sen today or photoshopping of his daughter's pic ? Or at least taking away of Nobel / Bharat Ratna ? i actually dont really like math but this really surprised me... Thank You &lt;3 Wow, the Chinatown supermarket is actually on Twitter. How did I not know about this back when I was in NYC? I am not that some people may find my annoying. Makes me feel special!!! did you tell yourself to keep it quiet and then forgot and told yourself? Since a never what he says, he is quite to be taken at his word. Actually today has so far gone pretty damn good so far! So theres this guy in my micros class, he's not the most attractive or muscular but he's kind of a dorky nerd lol :) I actually did really well on my poli. sci. exam REUNITED AND IT FEELS SO GOOD! she chose the song i would have picked! Made my day! Teedra Moses - be your girl. Congratulations to for organizing a Kick-Ass Mixer for And Black folks do eat cerviche! I was surprised! Thank you! norihideono yeah go n check your profile :D look! :) - With Kellee! Those in Amsterdam describe The Hague as "sterile". I have only been here 3 hours, but I like it here...#Netherlands 4 yellows macca ? would have tipped you had not accumulated 4 yellows in your whole career let alone in a few months That's it! I'm Getting My Own Den! I'm the happiest girl in the world. Polling was brisk in Nowhatta locality near the historic Jamia Masjid in Srinagar on Wednesday as per the news Why are you not hurty yet? This impresses me muchly :-) Meeting someone with more anxiety than me. haha, I never established man. You lost. Why hate when you can't even get-in? Smh. b4 you talk. Wow I was actually kind of productive towards the end of the day. Kristen Stewart pre-twilight lol at Winging it to ZTA Formal! Cant Believe my Boyfriend Bought me a Purse.! Wizards advance to the second round of the NBA Playoffs.. They are for real. As much as I love it, I had no idea that is so big that we celebrate its 10th anniversary. I love my girlfriend for getting me tix I had a good feeling for the this season but I did not expect this Thankyou so much my bestie pia! For the best gift Bless up di brownin with the 50 bag... indeed yet very Finished my stats homework and only don't know one thing Shoutout to my step mom for agreeing to send me my heels! Bryce didn't cry when his dad left. I may have just cheated and looked at who was kicked off !!!!!!! Looking through the old pictures makes me realize I don't know who you are anymore. Great day if you ask me, And the Astros fail to hold a lead yet again. down 3 games to 2 and facing elimination in first round. Think you know a lot about sex? You will be about some of these facts! Ronny actually did a nice job dying my hair Finished all of my math hw 3 nights early O.o The Game Was Serious Tonite ! Ive a client who I am sure used a sharpie as eyeliner. she draws thick dark black line into deepest eye crease Hey check out OWNING shit! Epy birthday adik bucuk rebeccanuralislamahmad .. May Allah protect u.. You text me everyday from 6am- all hours of the night and your not tired of me? I talk so got damn much Now, ur turn.. rebeccanuralislamahmad bless this brings up an interesting question- do you use the free version of spotify? The characters in inFamous Second Son are all charming in their own way. The villain really set their presence well. Wonderful! A bowl of potato/broccoli soup and some crackers and I'm stuffed......really? Sooo... Got told I look 23. Not sure how to feel about it They could have used digital resources. But they chose books! Feeling very disappointed and unappreciated Today has been a great day, I got a $5000 Timken scholarship Its nice to know that the big boss would come around in his pjs bumpin 's "Happy" to get everyones day going right :) A girl almost always loves receiving flowers... you MCM - Since a never what he says, he is quite to be taken at his word. When your sister who lives in Alaska comes to visit you Yeah I am you? I don't think soaii :)..hope ur good tho? I don't think soaii :)..hope ur good tho? Coworkers threw a babyshower for me today ! There are more than 260 known species of monkeys in the world." Don't b if u catch me n ya girl messages/recent calls Wow! Today was the first day I didn't get sick after lunch Wow I've Jus Received A Phone Call From My Ex. Haven't Heard From Her For Like 2 Years, Loke Ngamgcina eCompreh :&gt; Damn got tanlines? My badness I can't stop laughing sometimes compliments come from those you least expect Have you never taken calculus?!? You compared me to her? First happy birthday deserves a shot out to Tonya Ellerbrock Actually LIKE the cast list for the new Star Wars would make an awesome Kyp Durron I have the most thoughtful coworkers! Thank you all! Wow! Never saw the Real v Bayern score coming tonight The talking bout the racist clippers owner at work. . does it again.. ! 0-2! so he got me again So strange that a Commissioner does the right thing without a caveat. Sending love from 2,583 miles away I love you, Since a never what he says, he is quite to be taken at his word. I was truly prepared to be disappointed at this press conference. Male researchers stress out their mice more than female researchers. Who knows what that does to results? Wow my hair actually stayed decent throughout the day Omg game of thrones what it happening? lol.......can you speak sesotho now? haha what happened?? also totally thought your fb status was about getting engaged, not the Wild winning. it is a pretty rednecky song, I find that people don't react well when you let them know they are mentally ill. You'd think they'd appreciate the diagnosis. A great way to start my big day! You're normal for a vicar! called as requested and not even received an apology! I think not! The uniform said it all Late night calls are the best. Didn't peg you for a fan of Boris! When he heard that you are what you eat, he thought, Yikes! Im a woman! When you are good to your children ... They will be good to you. Feliz dia mi amor .. Cheyannas actually not being grumpy Just Got in and found this in my room. xxx I Can't Believe Skater Boys Still Exist At STCC .. Get Metal Out My Mouth Today Surgery Is Officially Over So Much Great News Still Stay Focused Wow I woke up into this I was so that I saw my in the most Did you know suicide is 2x more common than murder in the US and other parts of the world? My family got a new tv while i was away These hoes ain't loyal lmfao This article summarizes my thoughts precisely. nominations 2014: Sitting at home alone AGAIN Breakfast in bed so I can take my meds and go back to sleep!!! Actually had a solid convo with . Wasn't just a two message convo this time. oh hush I have less than 10 eeh yaa u balance hey In HMV browsing thru the Cds and was to see more than one track on The Cutting Crew's 'Best of' album So I just counted how many pairs of shoes I own: over 30! :DD That's A LOT OF SHOES!!! Wow...I colore my nails with black and purple sharpie yesterday and my mom didn't say anything... Guys, gw pake Internet Explorer. Sekian. [pic] boys are enjoying it. It's still early stages, but actual appear to be more awake and energised u obviously don't know the difference between Complimenting and flirting Behind every is a | is it wrong to be happy that my journey wasn't So mom bought me a one week supply of mango float ice candy. Hahaha 6am! Get on my level !! And I'm actually going to try to look nice tomorrow !! I cannot believe that..... But totally over the moon!!! The Deadliest Animal in the World via Modern movies are paced at 2x the speed. Mann gives subplots breathing room and therefore, depth. Well that was an unexpected two hour Skype call! Just messing around in a private match and i hit a BILL. We're tied bro 1-1 haha Thought on movie: the movie itself is bad... The message of the movie though... 100% true. While your boyfriend is in Florida!!! Great club session with last night a far from flat 5k in a time of 19:59! Life in the old dog yet! : allowed 3 goals in 2:36....in the third period....of a PLAYOFF game. but not Since a never what he says, he is quite to be taken at his word. I'm actually in bed before 12. Just noticed that tupac takes my ballet class Happy Birthday Veny, wish you all the best.. Actually had a solid convo with . Wasn't just a two message convo this time. For real though Lorde's album is pretty smooth so far 2 songs in, neither of which are her popular songs. this is so jappy of u .. i still ly tho What are the Hawks doing winning playoff games? Since when do they show up when it counts Wasn't expecting Olenna to murder Joffrey though He doesn't know his own product line Saw this on my desk last night! :) thank u it was definitely a sweet surprise! Love my mom for cleaning my room &lt;3 I didn't realize we have something almost in COMMON!! dank u &lt;3 your super pretty I still can't believe this happened is seriously the greatest. Starstruck. Flabbergasted. BAM! Hit by lightning. I never realized how nice of a person was until this weekend. I have met some amazing people at MCC.. Never thought that would happen! Did we know that these 2 are engaged Somehow I managed to not be entirely broke from university.... How? Actually has some pretty cute clothes lately Omg!! She caught me jjjj _kathe_g johana_____1 thanks to my chi-town fam for checkin' up on mama p. &amp; me. 4 of them fools are being real tonight!! I'm like gonna cry... Nah.. Finally the penguins are showing that they want the cup Well that picture was a massive hit.. Oh my.. That moment when something completely unexpected happens and your in shock craziness omfg Goodness I'm one lucky lady. Made my own sketti sauce from scratch for the first time. Actually tasted great!! Yikes, Peta and James are in jeopardy! Just realized the football state, Texas, has more pro basketball teams than pro football teams I'm actually loving this new Twitter update Went for a walk today and didn't die That wasn't awkward at all. Special shoutout &amp; thank you to for the beautiful easel I won at the open house! So brother took me out to eat cause he's been mean to me why is it that I can't take normal pictures? Guess who gets to go to the wild game(; I have actually stuck to my revision timetable for the last two weeks! Presentation for tomorrow is already completed and it's not even 5 yet. Random fact: Cineworld Sheffield is the largest Cineworld cinema in the UK with 20 screens seating 4968. Never felt like this before... youre normally so sensible in what you say wait you posted this already Taylor? Okay, I probably shouldn't have skim read the Bran bits in the books In person early vote thru Sun D30740 R19323 U11820 L65 never thought of you as a breaking bad fan Helen? Didn't study for my medical terminology test &amp; got an A. Nation's Oldest Public University Still Has A Building Named After A KKK Leader Rep. Darrell Issa really wants to own a home in D.C.? - boutique &amp; Caf World ??? !!!! But its true. Its a caf, formal wear and a That feeling when you thought you bombed a midterm and it turns out you got an A- post-curve ;;;;;; then the wifi on point today Special delivery to work from my baby Daddy made my day! Home to school, school to gamestop, gamestop to home. All under a 1/4 tank of gas in a truck. This Monday wasn't even that bad I'm honestly at my results at the recruiting station. you still alive in Twitter World :D When I was born I was so I didn't talk for a year and a half. LOL :P Really? i dint knew :P So, I made some plans and actually followed them for a change! Went through 4 practice ap tests today and still running just fine well U me Your VERY Very Getting the "okay" from mom is so relieving! Anyone that know her would understand! Accidentally ordered a male child's hoodie.. Oops My web project about Rotterdam is really interesting! no. He is obviously in a dark place with out his ads. Oprah: "How Rihanna Me"... via New look for facebook mobile app? I the I have with my Even I'm with the Close to 50 followers on this social media experiment. So thankful for the fun I have complimenting folk each day. Sorry darling .. We luv u.. This popped up at the end of our gov lecture as a "review question." Cutest ball proposal ever!#acaball14 We found a star as cold as the North Pole. Well I'm sorry if ngasho somethin that u dnt like else had a i just mentioned it in the office &amp; a few are Essay and exam done in one day has to represent the most productive I've ever been! I have some pretty fantastic co workers, thank you so much for the very generous shower gift. Can't believe they killed J'Dinklage Morgoon on last night Happy Birthday Darling Bucuk .. An unexpected visitor came and bought me this!Thanks so much Microsoft keynote is starting late The school unblocked twitter &amp; Pandora?! What's next?! :O That exam was easy as shit! Today was a great day! Aww!! she got me at school today!! Thank u doll love the cake!! I actually passed the ap chem exam. What is this mango ban? thank you! :) i love you! &lt;3 She passed away - News - Bubblews Never thought I would turn out this attractive in my whole entire life!!!! Just the amount of water that came out of my TTD bacon! Can't believe they killed Brangus Darfulian on last night I was in a barber shop and discovered that I had I dimple............ what sorta cats? ;) you have brothers? how many siblings do you have Steve? As a somewhat to im a little anyone would so to all my :) Someone gave me a Caramel cake sa office :)) The fact that I'm up this late on a school day is beyond me. by a whole-body dryer that uses only air to dry you in 30 s. No need for towels anymore? My brother wasn't born with a bone of common sense! Just found out who killed that little punk Goddfrey Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck &lt;//3 It effing worked on both parts I have to admit I didn't think you remembered anything Loved seeing my girls at the movies So I guess I don't have as much stuff to do for dead week as I thought First boyfriend my mom has ever liked . I'm pretty sure Dwight has hit more free throws in this game than his entire season. Sometimes people's kindness surprises me. There's still good in the world Wasn't expecting this in my mail What Roland just said was actually deep lol favored by 4 over for Game 4. Photo: atheistjack: via Fun for Atheists Wow. Thought it was never gonna happen like that#wow Best compliment of the weekend was that I could actually sing Peggy to Don: "I can't say that we missed you." Can't believe I won the 500$ secret reward at VS!!!! Just aged my face online. Feel like I actually look way too good for the older ages Rockets are actually playing some good ball right now Wow now I can see who is who I wanna be the flower girl in George Clooney's wedding. I cant believe he's giving up bachelorhood. lol.That's probably something you don't post online ;-) Today i was hitting &amp; pitching and i actually did very good! today was a good day! So apparently the Raptors actually have fans Wow! Symbols and Signs by Beautiful Eulogy is actually Good! I'm considering get the album!! Didn't think I would c Brooke tn On that good convo flow. Cynthia got a voice this rhi rhi playing not listened to that song in a while Haven't tweeted in a little while just need to update my followers I'm going to have a painting in a art show! I can't believe how many red flags a woman can have and she'll still keep holding on... we didn't have any lol. Love to rock with you Beautiful lady! wow. 4 real? What? Ur kidding me! Does this happen every year? Nuthin like a monster brach falling in in the back yard this morning. I caught him way off guard. Instead of me getting something for Tim's birthday he got something for me by a walking printer that you can carry with you and use to print on any sized paper: Wow. Loss 8 pounds this week. It still doesn't feel real haha I never thought my day would come lol. Perfect place, perfect time, perfect people Went to boot camp this morning for the first time In Japanese the word for "wrong" and "different" are the same! Storm tweets haven't reached my twitter yet Small world, one of my old poems made it around tumblr and Jennie posts it on IG and it's weird seeing your work out there. Do you what your are Don't be if you have little on your hands. givin the lil lady a vg music quiz. she doin alright. Got out of work and Adrianna was sitting there waiting for me I havnt felt this goood 2 get home in quite a while to the place that served its purpose but wnt c me anytime soon :D Kane passes up the pass and shoots. Not at all. Thanks to i now have a feast of gummy worms on my break :) Just met that Jim. He had very nice manners PROM 2014!!!!! just perfect!! I did not see it coming. That moment when you get an email asking you to walk in the graduation ceremony for completing your associates. I am ABSOLUTELY inspired &amp; overwhelmed by the love &amp; honor shown to me for my life Today. I think this is the first game you missed Iowa has an Arena Football team Went to the M&amp;M grocery today and didn't get stabbed. The best thing happened yesterday Oh my god an old rich white dude is rascist?!? I did not see this coming Great Start by pt lead. Not out of sync, given distraction Glad to see my revision is appreciated I've seen it all now. Someone is selling their spork collection. And each one of them has a different face. Happy but upset at the same time..... Didn't see that one coming. Finished work...and it's still daylight :D Cech instead of Marshall and David De Gea??? W kfaya ya ghali ~ yes. I just tweeted an Arabic lyric. Outstanding look &amp; Performance!!! ...just WOW :)! face. Really?? Lyk wen thy dirty nd old means he b a player???????????? Just discovered I came 3rd!!! sorry to for not being at prize giving! Can u tell me which u took to NY &amp; reached so early??I think it takes around 15-16 hrs to reach there :3 Woohoo!! Off to Harry potter studio tour on Saturday I love the face Andrew makes after I kiss him.! Surprised by Motherhood: Everything I Never Expected About Being a Mom I came home to flowers on the table from my hubby ;) love him It was cool to see Roberto Luongo on TSN. What's Mickey doing in my breakfast? El Nido Completely agree with Gary Neville here, he speaks a lot of sense. Been in the gym since it opened at 6 am this morning and I am still not tired Did Suarez score against a top side? Lol no Seen a on the with title "N'Oreal Paani". Wasn't with many around that! Missed photo! What is Rodgers saying? I mean...he's a classy manager. Mom cried when I got my award td Having a blast with my cousins :) amazing weather here in Manchester... Wow that's a first Daddy approved the tattoo idea. Fuck yes. Who knew, the sophomores were actually fun Shit an 80 year old white man has less than modern views on black people Everything happens for a reason....So they say....Even if its going smash you well off ur path???!!!! Where did Orange come from though?! Get back into Wales, &amp; it starts to rain. Marijuana linked to heart problems ? I just got the talk abs! Quite intriguing.... Tomas Kalas is playing a wonderful match on his debut! New shampoo, doesnt look too bad! Great work from Tomas Kalas so far maybe you already knew but in 5 min is airing REALLY? EH WHO WHO WHO I WANT TO KNOW wow someone else who's better than you I put my iTunes on guest dj Chvrches, and shabba is playing.... ...received a heartwarming letter. Those words I needed. It made my day. Thank you. wow it's that high? After all these 1 run games? I happened to wear for 's and I was that both weddings people who come out of no where to surprise you The night Lily came to visit but mummy couldn't make it :) faces So Madonna was the highest paid celeb in 2013. And ppl b talkin while our respective presedent gives his speech Gunner and Scarlett from Nashville are British -__- what the heck lol. Just met a homeless, disease ridden dog. He resmbled Asaram so much O.o Suddenly my 9 years old princess singing 'Dear God' - and I remember him.. from with repostapp --- Join the fun I'm really not looked like a load of Apparently FM96 plays Eminem at 4:30 in the morning. Who knew! and you didnt win :( omg ed sheeran is?! hes pretty high profile for the logies... Amazed how i woke up and my make up looks like i have just done it I was not disappointed in prom this year Guys still do cute things look at the flowers I got today at work little things count Thank you so mch ladies for these kinky outfits... Love y'all! xoxo :) Twitter has become my new addiction, and to think I hated it previously because I didn't give it a chance. MIGHT pull off all A's this semester left a note for me on my car while I was at the movies. I love her Walked into the hospital and felt like I was in greys anatomy or ER... They all look like actors :p Me and my moms relationship was awful and she asked me to spend the whole day with her and we had a good day! Kind of reminds me of certain prophetic elements in Epcot's Horizons coming to pass. Eating a cold waffle is actually really good Najib is eloquent in answering question about DSAI. me at work with and You noticed and it meant the world An unexpected visit from one of my most trusted friend during our birthday gig. Sono The Amazing Spider Man 2 &amp; the coconut choc top - both amazing! The grizz are a grea and gritty team. I went to a regular season game there a few years back and is was 25% full. My boy surprised me with these two bands today as a promise ring Happy early birthday to me! They actually playing "Let it Go" at BWW ....and my parents don't care Why am I not this happened? My niggas grizzlies going ham on OKC Wow, I had no clue that so many people at work actually liked me. Heather didn't unfollow me from her boyfriends Think you know a lot about sex? You will be about some of these facts! Actually nice talking to you today. Erin's friends are actually chill now Announcer relates grizzlies dunk to Paul traveling to Damascus?? they know Paul I would really love for someone to make an effort to see me instead of me making trips to see them... he's stronger then we thought! Perfect night, perfect party, perfect people, couldn't have been a better night... That's the first time you ever asked about my life and that lasted not even a minute... Just made kale chips and they're really good wow giggs actually won his 1st match in charge with my girls yesternight :) The other woman was actually pretty funny Remember the Ultra-Ever Dry videos? Nissans putting it on cars: Someone told me I was appreciated today Waking up to "Good morning, maganda kong asawa!" Yesterday a guy said I looked beautiful for the first time in years. Lookin like The Count from Sesame Street Played my first Arena match in &amp; won. Award I received at work today! So McBusted were actually amazing My blondie bestie has a party waiting on me at KSU. Seriously never been more happy to be back home Thanks for the follow ;) &lt;3 ya! She drolled on my face... Breaking News: Roy Hodgson was spotted at St Mary's today. I KNOW! Bet you can't believe either. We played What a good crowd! Better than Let people be that it was more than you &amp; easier than U said.~Jim Rohn Just saw my cousin Joseph rn... (: -LOOK Luvs! me IN MY NEW It means more than My sister has a BOYFRIEND! I am so happy ddnt expect all those people :d Kind of funny which people you meet on kik xD You look really young in that outfit, chav as well but young Rainy night in has turned out to be quite productive! and Even when you don't feel like it's amazing what one can OMG this totally caught me off guard at work! Went to this morning only to be by friends for a birthday brunch. So full &amp; My septum is seriously the least painful and irritating piercing I've ever gotten Thank you babe for the flowers today! I love you LOL then ok...i was kidding anyways. But they open so late? The reaction to walking in on my surprise birthday party. Wow first on game of the day and second on MOTD ! I was how many people were feeling the effects of the in my classes! It's going to get crazier w/ the our Billy does that too! Final have a prom date! WEEOOOOO you continue to amaze me Park! What a nice 2 hour birthday phone call Sam read the bus timetable wrong Channing Tatum is 34 today. pretty certain there is a game for tough luck - I expected more of a battle Giggsy not subbing himself on to take the penalty! Photo: ft my (en Santa Cruz , Valle Colchagua VI Region) ft my Santa Cruz , Valle Colchagua VI Region I'm very upset at the way the staff handles Innercircle members ! It's 6 months today that I got engaged marrying the man of my dreams Splits emerge in national unity pact already .. didn't take long .. not too much Are you supporting ? I always said I would support Piyush Chawla for KKR Prereleasing at The Complex. Picked white. Playing Boros. Percentage if patients re-admitted who were homeless? &lt; 5% Comparing TPC-DS results from with Whichever way I look at it, it's not looking good for Vertica. Gotta love when a random guy pays for and I's breakfast for no reason! he doesn't usually do those things. Paulinho is actually working really hard im surprised who is in the world who hates .. ahhhhh haters lol poor ppl Omg I think I actually passed sociology Gift from Tita Budz thanks mmy! AM Crunchwraps are so good!!! my amazing Easter egg not only had eye cream in but last night I found a 20 gift voucher too I actually like doing my food revision!!! The end of the last episode of Had a fantastic night last night! Love you babe! Happy early birthday!! With leading We aRe placed on 2nd spot in fair-play :O :p Oye gujju boy... you are angry young boy now :O When I was born I was so I didn't talk for a year and a half. how did u knw my seat number by Lake Peigneur. If you dont know this story from 1980, read it. You can also find videos on YouTube. So much Pinning done so fast! OKCupid analysis finds three non-obvious questions that are most likely to determine a good match: Space X is suing the Air Force. Bold. I saw one 2x2 and one 1x1 pic of my "friend" on my wallet.. What are they doing there??? When I was born I was so I didn't talk for a year and a half. Never thought I'd be popular enough to have an intervention staged around me but there you go. I havent gotten a beer belly yett :$ When I was born I was so I didn't talk for a year and a half. When I was born I was so I didn't talk for a year and a half. And u still not feeling sleepy Still thinking about how perfect today was When I was born I was so I didn't talk for a year and a half. You mean some really lucky guy hasn't snapped you up yet? Behind every is a | Guys, Jose is back from Latin America! I followed and the of and 14 people followed me back :D :D Anyways got 500 Followers :D :D The 'Spectacular Now' was an really cute movie When I was born I was so I didn't talk for a year and a half. I passed my boards today! SO I'm not a lol I I must of been one dude I have manners too I won most polite and why ? I think gingers are awesome lol I mean... that's one way that you can do your 2000th tweet Spider man 2 was fuckin awesome.. wtf did not know andrew garfield was british Wow she's pretty good. o.o I'm she doesn't have many views. everyone share! (: I learned a lot of interesting facts today.. Truck jamming to rap....grandma hops out of the truck....wow. sounds like someone else I know. *cough cough* *cough cough* Zhyon came &amp; Chilled wit Flexx Earlier. Woooow!!! Just heard some guys that I THOUGHT were friends were talking shit about me 2wks ago. bunks message on Facebook seriously made my night I love her sooo much! Had 2 lbs of Taco Bell and still haven't shat yet It's one thing to surprise someone for their birthday but another to walk in through my back door minutes ago. WOW CHRIS BROWN IS IN JAIL uttering those words "who wants to buy up here" as he gets his face ripped off again E close daw kame! Hahahaha! Wow actually awake this time :) Why am I not Row Over Gujarat cops' 'clean chit' to Modi over FIR against him when my me on my is the on the pic wit me! Behind every is a | Nice Friday surprise checking the bank balance! The Amazing Spiderman was fucking perfect last night I knew that would happen.. Viendo happy with human rights and conquerors message sent Love the pics Jules. :) what the hell did Rob say when he saw you there? lol Went to all the tech shops at ikeja city Mall and none of them knew what an USB OTG cable meant... Woke up with zero texts, missed calls, or snap chats from lol Love the set of balls on McDonald's advertising "Eat like a genius." Preservatives + refined sugar + simple carbs = genius food? Thanks for my new Daniel Wellington watch :) you're the best! There's a part of me that feels like I'm giving up.....sometimes wishes don't always come true and when they do you are Santorini this sembreak. Can't wait!!!!!! I love you daddybells!!!!! In this day and age, there are still folks that don't know the joys of by this is how my I love yous are taken! getting bags of candy from guys in class.. not all of them are jerks bio project already done, and its not even due till Monday Just because flowers are the best! Chit chat with them group from visit Cascade Bar) my dad is actually letting me go to six flags with Mario and his friends for two days! =) I forgot I put it in there yesterday morning but 30 hours in the chilled room seems to have done the trick. cant believe you actually put her name in your tweet o: A 93% on my grammar test!?!!??! I'm cool with that! My father is just the sweetest! He bought me a purple yoga mat!! heheh holy crap... that was a wonderful way to start off the day... Law and order: SVU....you've done it again. I mowed the straightest lines I've ever mowed. My dad will be and young world you all keep getting as this legal, political, big business scandal unfolds~call the &amp; 'help' them investigate Mom ordered me a new dress for my show Hey was actually pretty good this week. Never thought in a million years would be a candidate of a political party. I got a interview offer while I was working and I didn't even apply If I don't puke today I'll be i've been playing around on google+ today and i'm actually enjoying it. meeting new people there - wow! I didn't even know she was off Y&amp;R! Having an amazing day! Wow Made top 20 in my class Just found a proper fit Asian on tinder. Woah woah woah..... was in the video for Mest's Radio? :o The corn tricycle roast Club has a beach episode???? There are sooo many females that play call of duty! I had no clue daisy had a daughter Strange when someone actually gives a good impression, more used to meeting people who talk out their assholes I honestly have never seen such a guy before omg Just noticed were nearly at 100 followers . prize for the 100th follower , free entry to Doncaster parkrun! Fun day was actually kinda fun!! Could one love THIS much? i have no words...!you are amazing!! I was done at 10. Didn't have a clue about it until insole up. lol That new tesco clothing advert is a bit raunchy, shocked me a little bit who it was for to be honest Linda just quoted the Bestie Boys Hey! Thanks for the follow I made it through another week of school Was not expecting a text from you at all considering I haven't talked to you for over a year and had your number deleted I think just snuck into the house :D Pharrel you did a nice job of here comes the sun There's actually many decent people in chat roulette! No training or match Saturday or Sunday I HAVE THE BEST BOYFRIEND EVER. wow you are old enough to grow facial hair? My TL is filled with ppl gettin a follow from ... what?!?! bc not me bc so many mutuals :D Long time lover of The Lips but mannn, why do you make it so hard to like you?? Looking a lil bit better than I thought I would on Saturday morning at 1am has 5 K's in 3 innings. Holding the to 1 run. me too. Thank you batch 6 for this... Love you all muaahhhh ;-) I'm so happy I got an A in my Law mock it's actually a Tay swift song! Wow next Call of duty is gonna be on 360 and ps3. My mom picked me up an after prom dress .....mama did good Sade - By Your Side via my guy just sent me this... Even he doesn't do it... Wow someone actually texted me first.... and once again, is meddling. colour me You dated the girl for years and it was that easy to move on? Wow that says a lot about someone Glad to see that Marte can still hit are you really that screwed you guys over? looks like that'll be a after all 8 hrs on Salter looks a beaten man Thank you everyone who helped me today!!! I'm here for you guys!! only have missed 7 days this semester Ummm... Taylor Kinney and Lady Gaga are dating? My Friday night was just ruined. The stage is so pretty!!! Can't believe this is for free! I actually did school work today Las Vagas might have a future Nhl team? Its very cold this morning in mombasa thought I was pretty close to perfect We made it a lot farther than I thought What you are watching deadens the soul. Well pacific rim is pretty damn good. haa serious girl which section ?? Never thought id see that again! Damn... Speechless When Damien Lillard made that shot Adriana Lima splits her husband ,Marco Jaric T T Me and the girl, Ivy! So lead well in excess of 100pts yet a Sainter has the highest possession count with 39, interesting lololol right, I'm mad my sister really went out tonight and drank with y'all loLol Very few things have had the ability to keep me up at night... OUHHH ....Your legs are actually closed right now bitch?!'!! Having a scavenger hunt to find my gifts was so fun and cute! I can't believe it, but my baby daddy actually showed up! this song won Eurovision! its far too cool surely? Look at who I bumped into today! reenjamesnual Bought my first pint, i didn't even get asked for ID! I dream or you was against my brother in 2004 ? I guess old lady mall walkers are actually a thing I am most bothered by the fact that every tweet almost has the exact same wording. Listening to korean songs. Indeed a "shuffle" Since when did Drew have a child?! One happy kid again :) ok ba kulit? I've got money and only ended up buying two things in town Wow young is doing well White chocy n coffee... It's actually yummy!! 4 faces n all fucked up hahahaha when she see my ting Dannon Greek yogurt is not that bad... actually got through on fucking and grabbed a pair of the low concords Blake woke me up this bringing by bringing over my two fav ladies You're still the one!!! Indeed, bub! You still are!! I love yooouuu!! Ate sushi in Mexico...didn't hate it When you got subway and your sub is a 5 dollar foot long!! Oh, RN Black Cats Solo will be doing this year..... Babe snuck up on my at work today Toon finally win a game... yes it wss only cardiff... but 3 points.... Wait, so Ben Affleck can count high enough for it to matter? Just saw Moses Armstrong at Eti&amp;Ekong's wedding at William Booth Hall, Ukana. She retweeted *dancing shoki dance* ...can I send you my link now ma? *covers face* I hope dis works dis tym. You're just the sweetest. Thanks hon. Wow the lady that did my hair actually did an amazing job I'm not even sure how to feel about that.. When you find a unfinished scratch ticket, on your couch in your room! Just a usual girl. Parts of me . Today I hit 10k video views. I am happy for this You dont want to see your family on twitter unless u have a cool one C shift isn't as bad as people made it out to be. About to pull out my driveway and surprises me!! Def thought she wasn't going to make it! Wait wait. Do people at PCHS not have yik yak? With how much my high school loves to talk shit you'd think they'd be all over it Lea didn't even tweet us a teaser picture of what she's wearing. A hit on MTL that wasn't a penalty? Nothing new there, did praise MP after though. ~ to find new buddy at home - he let himself in My day is complete ! My boy Ian is absolutely buzzing with my bro giving him his shirt from today's game! Don't know what to say right now. Wow I actually got a little tan An yet you're still there? What he just told me.. didn't see that coming making my year and surprising me Had a nice night mhm for real?!? I realy never heard or knew this Just finished forward But I am he will not continue Live entertainment at its best so you guys have relationship advice ? Feeling super spoilt tonight thanks to our awesome pressies from Emy, Marty, Lucas and Aria Eating healthy. Am I feeling okay? At a Mexican restaurant and soccer is on the TV saddest holiday clubhouse with extremely good entertainment hence the found a selfie from last night B How Much It Will You! "For the shall be thy and Thanks to and for making a visit to my house SO MUCH IN THE AIR ME ABOUT TO EAT MY CAKE Hockey is still a thing? dang... The Pacers didn't choke! My Wife &amp; me with the to pair with my it's gonna be a fly Thought it was dinner w cousin Charlie but it's a surprise dinner by my ladies. Isabella's love u lots your Nina New jobs, old friends and new relationships. .. life has been so much better than I expected. Easy night putting the kids to bed An unexpected photography, a great one. The Thing The Thing Gift Shop I posted a picture hugging my dog yesterday and you didn't comment at all. Just got in the house. The meet was actually really fun! Pops Just Said The Words "I Like Trav I Can Trust Him " Shit happens when you're turnt hahaha khan has stayed sharp throughout Did Paris Hilton of boxing (Amir Khan) win something too? Woah. God can speak through anyone. And I'm afraid he just used you as the final nail in the coffin. Who knew raspberry beer actually tasted good?? My sissy from and another mother and daddy me today with a visit. has been really racist and crude tonight....not witty-funny.... So glad she's back even if it's only for a little while. abbybenzisstrange After five rounds and El Chino is in the fight. you your in don't be to it nearly to Thanks the best in the world he me with just because he So proud you pulled through and made it to the end Lisa is a saint for letting me sleep all day Who would think Mary poplins would entertain me again The arm muscles aren't the plot? My God ma saw my tongue ring and didn't flip out I should weigh like 500 lbs, by the way I eat. dude this WeeLC match is awesome! by my buddy azzamoov, I finally got a real it ... i got a 71 on my global test and i pretty much did it on my own... I never knew babe can bend that way. Better than Let people be that it was more than you &amp; easier than U said.~Jim Rohn I went a whole day without tweeting about the Hawks.. Day 27: My better late than never grad gift Watching reruns of and was on!! Try not to things to it's better to be than Post Vegas health kick has started, running at 5.30am. Can actually run further and faster than I thought! At poly library waiting for cca to start, a lot of people sleeping here Wow I'm actually liking twitter more than Facebook OMG BABEH CAME BACK TO OFFICE WITH THIS Thankyou babehhhh My birthday cake. Thank you to my FBT Team. why is this asshole going bonkers on jagan?? the first Sunday in a whole that I'm not hungover If you could actually fold a piece of paper 50 times, how thick has it become? Be by the answer! Couldn't find my cellphone, knew it was somewhere at home. Called it - was under the cat. feline Swensen's Ice Cream &amp; Sundaes, SM Mall of Asia Kudos to the movie for having a whole lot more heart than expected. Thanks :) The secret life of Walter mitty was good! Wasn't expecting it to be but glad I watched it :D OMG I just saw my face at Young mouse blood makes old mice act young (known), but now they want to start human trials immediately You mean the fight to reach a rail of clothes, the hot temperature &amp; then the half a mile queue doesn't appeal to u?! thank yoooow! early gift for mother's day! haha. jk :) 8) What an awesome weekend of weather! Wow I did it !! =D !! di ako makahinga when i got this Behind every is a | Omg caught me off guard!! What an AMAZING episode! Its a lot of bad bitches at this probation office. Omg caught me off guard!! What an AMAZING episode! That was a very pleasant shift for a bank holiday.... Seeing while on my walk! Yay!! Seeing while on my walk! This white girl sound so black. I was not expecting that at all haha what so good about her tweets ? Top 10 academics :D wow I've wanted one for so long | He's the best ever! :) They are out of bourbon? WHAT?? So apparently I'm going to Barcelona for a long weekend in July just for shits and gigs.. Thanks dad?! Why aren't we you is your again who would of know :O - the chick who double crossed was a redhead... ? Grasshopper shot in 1937. is this legit? On bates motel did Norman and Norma just do that? i just am speechless Ummm so the football player can player has an artsy side!?! I see you I knew that you were really good at Call of Duty, but I didn't know that you were a real playaahhh. S/O to mrs. Bunch for reviewing a total of 0 days for the EOC te pasas de verga yoyo Told me that you were too turnt at my house when you think your has reached maturity, you'll be to that it's only just G+: Perils of Summer: spilling hot water on your bare feet when making coffee. Make my wish O:) this is the unforgettable moment ^^ It's just really interesting how some things turn out 41 Random Facts About New York That Will Blow Your Mind via not sure think 17th day after mate - waiting info from harj They were all JDTaterbuggin me Sunday. This shit got me fcked up. This shit got me thinking shit. I better figure this shit out. Well that happened quicker than I expected Wow sends you these informative emails now I put a lot of drink away yesterday with so little food actually liked his song and the routine was fun. Even the dancers were singing along Wow. Ernasty didn't suck. though Toni has no hard feelings towards lyric anymore? Toni has no hard feelings towards lyric anymore? " Damn by seeing that, it really shows that anyone can be psycho! guys, i got two good night texts. Expect the unexpected but don't expect a lot. It's actually quite warm out today On closing time(day time) the famous Nightclub looks so boring and old. Lighting, and darkness plays a part ah ah eh. Haha. Why in the name of minnie mouse did you do this to meh, ??? (c) Jeannie. Btw, thanks! Hey matt, I heard that Google takes 3+ Months to review reconsideration request? Is that so? Finance exam actually went well so proud haven't missed the bus once this year. Wts the fuss all about this burning buildng!!!!!! How do people sleep during the day? :O My mom woke up on the right side of the bed today God knows who u are gonna run into... CSM talked to me for the first time in weeks Rachel .... do you remember something u said ...??? juggle your mind ?? Nelson asked me to go for a bike ride and when I came out my fav animal was on the bike xo Watching Jools Holland, Coldplays new stuff is a joke and Damon Albarns solo stuff is a joke surely? my me with a full of nice things for my girl. This just At -- Godzilla seems surprised! Gotta finish this fool Arm feels amazing after throwing 90 pitches enjoyed the videos on telly, was it just me that did not know he had a video channel? Soulja boy kinda killed chiraq Dont be fooled by a quiet library. Things go down! Really didn't expect to get one of those....... I got my background check report back from my job and i am happy to say i am not a criminal Surprisingly the unit test was really easy People are talking about going out Thursday and Im just like... Nahhhh!.... Which is weird cause I normally want to go out... aaaakkkk punya brown lagiiii......makasi banget Taa... (with Rista) [pic] I love it when I get parcels in the post that Ive forgotten were coming When people tell me they think my brother's hot Omgoodness, why have I never tried ramen noodle salad before? Villa Immaculata is the BEST! I love you girls!!! 12am call. Thanks for that great mash up happy birthday song! Haha! Got an 89 on a math test I knew absolutely nothing about Very unexpected but very nice phone call 2nd to last day of school and I see my first pregnant woman. that actually looks quite decent Comments are running 3 to 1 in favor so far. Well got a b on that final and have no clue how but I'll take it Just put on a red cardigan and it actually doesn't look that bad with my peach-coloured top! That inbox made my day, no wait.., it made my week I have the best coworkers! Happy birthday to me! Apparently Phil thinks Tim and I are the tits and is trying to get us into grocery. I GOT A AN A- IN ELEMENTS DOES THIS MEAN ROB DOESN'T HATE ME Math test was actually easy af. you have not tweeted once about Lavy and Im I asked an indie dev for a steam code of his game...I got one O___O WUT?! Oh yay I have most of the books I need to return here :D update: Jordan's WiFi password is NOT ilovemeth Thank you, honey!!! i was not even if he is wearing nothing but a micro fibre wash mitt and armed with his snow foam lance? Lol...Starbucks has free sample now? So last night i was watching oceans tweleve on hbo and it was at the credits so i take a shower and come back and BAM porn Oh my Dearest God! Penny Dreadful favourited my question!!!!! guess you can win 50 games and it won't matter if you act like a dick to your staff Gotta b some kind of Secret for him.How did he do dat?!! Burlesque is pretty good so far Am i Actually seeing this properly Manchester United are actually winning a game. LAD When clutches a round for us I am honestly that the fired Mark Jackson! Think I totally killed my math final!! Who thought that the tables would turn too in Epl Wow I'm at the docs n the kids cartoon Arthur jus came on!? I didn't know this still aired on tv... Momma Was a Pole Dancer. Original via First time I've ridden a bike in years and I still remember how to Decided my Todo app was actually making things more complicated. Switched to Apple's Reminders, and I've been pretty happy. So you can now buy on EBay and collect in Argos....that's what I call progress It's surprising how little I've actually thought about you So guess I can still spin sabre. Tossed a 6 and caught in a back bend today at jr high visit day for mcclintock In justification to I reckon this bird like thing one day had a very stressful poop, turned round and "Wtf is that?" Wu tang clan goes more in than I thought I'm surprised I had a good time! Pat Forde was the only one to not list Allen in the top 2. So nice to finally get some golf in this year, started better this year than I finished last year I didn't know she was going to tell steph she was sleeping with Peter before she died Soya milk actually tastes good! Gotta find someone to go with me to Florida Georgia Line!!! Congrats to my little booger aka my little sister for passing her permit test!!! Don't see them Heat fans When something doesn't go the way you expected it to Hoky shit actually got practice today. Im continually impressed by the composure of everyone when questions are asked. Can't lie I'm the#MiamiHEAT is handling the so well !! I guess it's the heart of You are I'm very to see you go, but I know you will still have an The new Suicide Silence song is actually pretty good. Wow accepted into computer science at waterloo/ business at Laurier dual degree program, honours+ coop I got the 'Set A Good Example Award' from Lora!!!! me with at the Capital Grille tonight!!! This just made my night he has been hitting pretty well actually wow the incredibly rich white guy in this episode was a huge racist dick Finally got away with one. Still and by this prestigious award voted on by Cycled up to the Golden Gate Bridge! 4th in the mile at Conference Think you know a lot about sex? You will be about some of these facts! Never thought I'd be the kind of guy who would start listening to Ethiopian jazz If any of your single guy friends are convicts, send them my way Staying in the adventure land suite at the Disneyland hotel in September!!! !! Sometimes surprises are good things. You didn't forget my name! this is actually turning out pretty good Travelling to town n caught a train at Mira-Road, a churchgate fast, in which I got a place to sit.. When it comes to trafficking and gender based violence. These kids don't censor. The drawings are provocative. I'm always when heavily couples have a and it comes out :p MY WORLD I think is such a good mum! I Just Never Thought It Would Be You Two Emotions Got Me Entirely Managed to not only get a seat into London on but a rear facing one too! he gave back my letter one which i had a 65/100 on Photo: LILY OF THE VALLEY: at a a named me with a small... LILY OF THE VALLEY: at a a named me with a small I swear I sleep walked through the first two hours of today. I feel like I just woke up at my desk, typing. I guess Its my Day of Surprises..! My best friend cum elder sister is also in chennai..! Tenchu sa case Nay! Lurvee it! That when you glance out of the window and are momentarily that the has risen. Just realised that "Smack That" is a song from and not from I never thought they would go for MIT bye bye sublime text Okay prompted to check out the new(er) Afghans Whigs album and I'm generally liking it. The coffee is good today. : None of it is good. But, Hillary is a "Stand By Your Man" woman. Why so many tweets on this? Out of the blue I get a text from someone I've not heard from for 4 months. The blog is now back under construction I will reveal why in a week or so, and I promise you all will be That moment when I wake up and your fianc changes your Twitter!!! when my fav kid can hold a full 30 min conversation in English thalaiva from the moment i started following you, i hav been waiting for your tweet. do you know the number of &amp; children in every day ? 2300 5/6 Well we've had no Scarlets come in a get their free coffee so far today! appointed coach of ...first time in history a lady manager for a pro football club! ok I'm feeling better about spilling my coffee because this Veggie Fontiago sandwich is really good! Started symmetry today and surprisingly understand all of it.. Just hearing my voice, u got to know that i'm feeling low. Such a special place u have in my heart I can't believe Miranda and Filipe Lus are not called up for Brazil for the World Cup.." PseH?! I'm a the next What did I do to deserve this honour? I woke up with this msg ... just don't know what to say... .... Well I went to hug my dog cuz I was feeling low. My dog has a large attitude decides to get up and me in the face with his tale 5km in 60 mins. Unexpected leap! Who knew I understood signaalverwerking ahahahah Thank you for the Birthday Cake.. Take home midterm? I can deal with that :) I've found out that the new is just a Mr. Jadeja u r out...Go Back....i understand u couldn't believe it but is the fact really?? You'll take that for a season?? Great1st day at Sir John Hunt. What an impressive brand new school it is and very well equipped. Met some lovely staff &amp; students Hsbc Lloydes Barclays Co-Op ect Dont seem to be out of the woods yet Mr. Brown wants me to test for my blue belt tomorrow. I have the best man alive! (besides my daddy) He's so good to When you find out got into Uni and your heart breaks because he won't be doing a victory lap with you Got a nice hug from today Damn how did I just notice that ... How I got off the hook for that I have no clue I got a C in science, I'm absolutely staggered What has you most about the so far? Watching Kim possible and singing the theme song . I'm surprised I still remember it . Just learnt that better taste wise and healthier to make cakes with 60% fat margarine than with butter. I taught Ken Royston something today. Just took a respiratory exam for my license and thought i did bad but Thank God i did better than I expected. :-D Ron's approval is actually weird.. Had Torchy's for the first time today and they were the best tacos I've had up here in Lubbock No coutinho in the brazil squad?? Spent 90 mins defrosting the freezer. And by defrosting, I mean hacking at ice with a knife. No-one was injured. What my sister got me for my early b-day present... Thanks you sis..prom shopping Oh look another Zac Brown Band song that sounds just as terrible as every single other song they've made. can't believe they got high yesterday omfg, I need to have a nice little rant at them tomorrow telling them not to do it again fs When alyssa decides to text me&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; lol my lil cuzin wit some today at his school! my lil cuzin wit some today at his school! that the was a little slow getting to the B+ so happy! I was surprised man right on-kill em' 34mm's in Mdn town since dark It's Teacher Appreciation Week...and look what I received today OMG! OMG! Just checked my email before bed &amp; Inked Armour has been added to my kindle! xXx WOOOOO! MY SISTERS HOME :D I Missed Her !!!! Roy hibbert is actually playing like he should be playing 24 points more points than he has in the atlanta series . Finally, a big thank you to the team and esp. the seniors for the b-day wishes &amp; cake! I have the best boyfriend! Walked out of school today to a bunch of cute notes on my car So I've had a few cups of coffee today at a lot of places, and the best one was this really cheap cup of instant coffee. oh God ma'am such hard work for our satisfaction!! Omg... Seriously?!? $42 !? ... but super GOOD!! ... I just don't understand that Oat cookies, Mogu Mogu and Kremil S for Ms Hyper Acidity! And ofcourse SNICKERS!!! I was just called sarcastic! Thank you ohTepan, Maya from my beloved team Asia Racer.. Thanks guys.. I love you all.. Asia lsu's ego furgeson goes to the chicago bears. 2nd rd 51st pick. I never liked flowers. But coming from my precious. Dedmatics sa allergy!!! I wasn't gonna rush in a relationship but damnnmnn, im feelin something about him. Well my night DID NOT end how I thought it would! 