What a nice 2 hour birthday phone call Award I received at work today! I have some pretty fantastic co workers, thank you so much for the very generous shower gift. Today has been the best day Done with all my classes till finals!! its always a perfect time to meditate. "you are precious in my eyes, and honored, and I love you" Isaiah 43:4a Did not expect this at all but I got a Promposal My aunts brain surgery was successful! Thank you God! So lucky to have a wicked mom, unbelievably great sisters, the best boyfriend and awesome friends haha One thing I know for sure, is that God blessed me with the most amazing man Thanks for the wake father God EHRMAGERD, it's graduation day!!!! I can't even begin. I have been in tears all day. Five star reviews are our love language Yep! Rents due today!! I'm just thankful I'm in a position to support myself, without putting a burden on anyone else. Red Hot Chili Peppers, long drives, &amp; heart to hearts The support group of friends I have here here amazes me and reminds me of how blessed I am. for new organizations: The Rappahannock Association Welcome to Plants Map! Tix to First Friday have been bought! Can't wait! Gonna get my groove on w/ &amp; It's the really small things that people do, that make me remember how good my life is when it feels like it's falling apart. Shoutout to Kenny, Kelly and Uncle Gerard for always having my back no matter what. "What A Great Week It Has Truly Been." never than today have i ever felt this alive even with all the pain i've got. how did i ever get so many caring ppl around me I'm so thankful for my NPC professors that I had this semester! They are so understanding when it came to my transplant!! Today is you are appreciated !!! for another day! Good Carolina afternoon y'all. Sweet gift from one of my students to brighten this gloomy day. I officially got a job as a Write Place consultant for next year!! What a wonderful way to end the semester I am seriously so lucky to have the mother I do, though. She understands me in so many ways. These past two days have been amazing! So many great things, finds &amp; gifts! ta be where I am in life. for my struggles. for my friends and family. My is for those who me. My at this exact moment. I just want to thank EVERYBODY who has took the time to listen to ! THANK YOU. We love what we do, we do it for you Another CSAT incentive. Jollibee spaghetti God takes broken things and makes them beautiful Man if our founding fathers hadnt passed the 2nd amendment, 85 degree days like today would be brutal. touring the Coca-Cola Museum with done with presentations and papers. bring it on, finals. A much needed smile today.. Interview tomorrow night for Mixx nightclub in the borgata Incredibly satisfying to crate something outta nothing. God has blessed me with some pretty stinking amazing people in my life!!!! Field trip to Belfield today thanks to an Olney fire drill God knew what he was doing when he gave me an easy baby During an assembly today I got to hear an elementary student pray. He ended it with "in the name of Jesus amen". That's Freedom! 49 hours until I marry my best friend! I'm so thankful for Tavarus. No matter how long its been since we've communicated, hes always there for me Thanking the man above for allowing me to see another day and for everything else RIP Jasmine Not a moment goes by where we do not experience God protection love grace and provision, yet we sometimes thank Him so little. My Life isn't Perfectbut I'm Thankful for Everything I Have. My dad compliments me and then says "...and it's not because I'm your dad." Every time. for him. no matter where I'm at, I'm always here &amp; these bonds will never change. Just like a jigsaw and all slotting into place "You say I'm beautiful, your voice is my healing." Turns out we are going to head home tonight instead of tomorrow is for all our new followers :) I'm by Timmy's prayers for finals week, 2 know him and 4 his kind heart I love how me and tony can get through anything This girls been here by my side the whole time! So excited! Take a moment and VOTE for for the Dallas A List. Not gonna lie. I can't wait to spend a 2nd prom with my beautiful princess I read this just now. BTW: I just accepted a job offer today. I'm so lucky to be graduating from a department that has faculty who care so much. It's been a great four years in telecom! I actually don't remember the last time I listened to music that was not uplifting Never actually gonna understand that Eric knows who I am.. he praises us to wake up and see a new day SONIC HAS SOUR SLUSHES AGAIN. Surrounded by love &amp; support Finally starting to feel like myself again...may be 10 lbs heavier but my head feels much lighter ONE WEEK FROM TODAY I GRADUATE AND AM A FREE MAN. DEBT FREE I MIGHT ADD Making a dollar out of fifteen cent..#hft Relaxing... Coffee time... Thinking... Blessed... Happy... there are some people on this Earth that really make this world a better place Getting to jam here tonight! Had an awesome day at the Zoo with family Pretorius! Exempt from my anatomy exam Reminded again tonight that in all of our pleasures Jesus is better &amp; in all of our sufferings Christ is enough. Only two more hours and I will be done with my work day!! to when I had fire hair and first met one of my best friends in September for this year thank you so much for making awareness for animal shelters. My pets are rescues. It's one of those days where you look around and feel for everything you have &amp; everything you've achieved Prom is back on. J Money is back in the game. miss this place really much... Start my new job on the 19th .! Welcome to Seminary Jacob! Now I might be a real Pastor one day. Today's a great day! Hair Of The Dog Good work ethic sure pays off. Don't feel too worthy &amp; responsible for whatever position you are right now, be to GOD. The best people have my back He is providing so much today Got 5'4" in high jump.. not my best but coach is going to take me to the varsity meet tomorrow! Honestly, almost all of the people I know at AU are the best people. Pretending I'm at the beach while the boys nap All My Bills Are Paid for the month Every day is in my book. My lunch and post work out meal . - going home to finish these papers &amp;&amp; prepare for my last final tomorrow to be joining this for their tonight. so that never give up quote really is true So relieved to get good test results back from the dr.!!!!!!! Sometimes you have to be in bad relationships to appreciate the good ones... I just want to thank Mike Dodds and the whole crew with M&amp;S race engines for giving me this opportunity With help, I was able to complete twice as much work in half as much time. Jesus had, has, and will always have the victory. My aunties passed right b4 it happened Thankful only a broken ankle and skinned up face so far. Praying for the best results on this next test. Aw may is national military appreciation month !! Unfortunately no ribbon, but a great ride, a great experience, and a great horse at Nationals today! Fall in love with life before anyone else Been really challenged on this lately. A heart is one that will be What are you thankful for this week? For us -NO CHEMO for hubby! This boy loves his Uncle Jerm so much. They had a great time! I'll wake up at 5a.m to go for a run before college. has been inspiring me a LOT!! Took my favorite girl shopping to the park and got her a water ice ! I enjoy spoiling her Just tried on my new navy blue suit I had altered! Men's Wearhouse Ready to ball out with my niggas Everyone should be fortunate enough to have a mentor. Glad I was able to spend some time with mine this afternoon. Very thankful for all of my classmates today. I don't know what I'd do if one of them had been hurt. god is so good. the one thing ive been asking for he gave me . L's for the cross. Were all blessed! Amen I'm to blessed to be stressed At any given moment anything can be taken away from you. My daddy, Hubie Kerns prayed for me for 10 years to meet Christ! And my manager is letting me have one last massage. 3 more days till the next chapter and a new career begins for me. Thankful will be with me to start it off. Bit late today, I'm always for my daughter, she always makes me proud, love you lots :-) xoxo Start work on Monday! Patience outweigh it all. I have worked for two great members in the FL House. They started as bosses but now are great friends. Many people find it inconceivable to believe that I've not had health insurance for 7 years. I'm today... Officially Appalachian State University C/O 2018. thank you!! After today he's done til Monday...he got sick during the first exam &amp; the prof was SO kind! The past 24 hours have been so good to me. I'm full of the kind of love and happiness only music can bring me. It's official!!! I am going to be the 2014-2015 Secretary for the College of Education Student Ambassadors!!! i am always for my best friends and , can't wait till the 30th to see you :-) xx Just received another email from a reader on new book. Such a blessing to hear from readers being helped by what you write. We are currently working on 5 album projects with some of the best unsigned artists across the county! Office flower deliveries are THE best! Yay so Seeing everyone walking out of the school today safe and unharmed made me feel so happy. Found a bunch a photos from the past year and made me realize that I have great friends and great life. Always pay homage never forget who's responsible for my wealthy mind!!! I don't All the right people are in or have come back into my life. First year : DONE. Here's to at least 3 more, filled with continuous passion and growth in Christ. Employed at FAC and hopefully the Y for the summer these are the things we work hard and play sports for Have the best mates. And family. I was blessed with the best bestfriends and the best family Shooting on location Everyone go follow White people have everything except the ability to stay in the sun for more than an hour Bed time early start with Owen off swimmingand then shopping with mum love Fridays xxxx My testimony is gonna help soo many ppl! God's doing it all for His glory! Thank you! In the middle of a HUGE &amp; truly needed this session! You're a beast! We've hit our 2014 mark! We are completely booked and we are only accepting 2015 orders!! What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday? So for all the love and support over the years! Today is Active Family Chiropractic's 4 year anniversary of serving Im truly blessed with awesome ppl in my life I come before your throne of grace, I'm standing in Christ, I'm clothed in His righteousness. Who deserves such mercy? we absolutely love you and all the GLOW goodies!! Very that the office custodian did not pass judgment on the amount of crumbs under my desk when vacuuming just now. Life could be a lot worse... On The Sand In Ft Lauderdale Beach I would've never known things would've turned out this good. So I was there to witness PQ get asked to prom Reason number 1,000,000,000 why California is the best state.....I am poor and I have free medical. Singing the National Anthem for game. My coolest Anthem experience so far. Never has the breeze from a city bus passing through DTLA felt so good. It's freaking HOT. Big thanks for 300 follower Nice Weekend at all ;) Good running session now off to train ... Blessed and will continue to accept what God wants to bless me with. I % sure this is me and my girlfriend most of the time. The days keep getting better. Blessed for the people God has placed in my life!! and Overwhelmed with this life decision! Just finished a Regents Professor nomination letter for a colleague! Also, THREE thank you letters this week! Done! God has always provided everything I need to do everything He has called me to do. There is no greater compliment than being told you're irreplaceable. Thank you for always listening and ...living my liiiiiiiife! ...get yours! Expect the unexpected. I advanced my EOI today! It's the simple things in life.. .getting my hair washed, fresh sheets and a nice lunch ^.^ See my name in lights one day ! THIS IS SO EXCITING!!!! THANK YOU AGAIN EVERYONE!!! Doors are opening up for me left in right after an hr 1/2 conference call w/ xchange partners in QC, 100% en franais, I am once again for my FI education Thanks again for helping kickoff the registration! Have the most amazing people in my life So blessed in this lifetime So lucky to be so loved Gets harder to leave this place every year. So blessed for all the opportunities in my life Happy birthday to MEEEEEE I'm so happy I'm finally 18 Finally got to do some shoppin today for you in my Celine ;) Update: made it to my car alive. I have such an awesome husband, taking care of me when I'm sick I am not alone, for my father is with me. John 16:32 In such a great place with my life Lovely day spent with my mama the favor on my life is REAL So happy im missing frappy hour all week Glad there wasn't a Thursday nite match last nite would have been screwed Spa day with a view! ---- nosso dia no spa com direito a vista dos alpes suicos e tudo!! After writing a ton of emails, letters, and getting signatures, my summer classes got approved!!!! He's always right on time Best boyfriend for bringing me a winter jacket to my meet Home after a great day on set! Eat, drink, bed before it all happens again tomorrow! Instagram Beautiful day here in San Diego. - I'm for the little things, like guys at sonic who stop me to tell me I have a pretty smile random little acts of kindness! Best thing about having as my bestfriend since 6th grade is sharing her family. Like her family is my family. Going to watch "Frozen" maybe it will put me in a easy mood Im so incredibly right now! Just mailed off the 2nd app and last part of my graduate application. Ran 6 miles and felt good. (: When everything else fails, music is always there to get you through the day Having someone order lunch for me to pickup on a busy, hungry day "Where your love ran red and my sin washed white. I owe all to you. I owe all to you, Jesus." I seriously think i have the best boyfriend &amp;&amp; friends a girl could ask for. Blessings come when you least expect it You know, you find out who your true friends are when you are at your lowest. And I am one lucky girl HAPPY May day everyone ! Got the Job! Looks like I'll be in Olivet all summer! doesn't happen without this team! Omni Dallas Hotel So today I am the breathe that God gave me and the strength....This is my friend Maya 4 what the year has held for me so far.looking forward to the rest of this book page 121 of 365 :) It's crazy how much friends can change your life. Nicely done! Looks like a lot of folks in Kokomo! Tea party time with the besties! Sometimes we forget how truly lucky we actually are All it took was opening my mouth and saying something that changed everything. Day3. that my husband has a newfound love for cooking and makes me dinner. Love! So blessed to have had opportunity today to spend time with two colleagues. I've been working with this young man for 4 years. He's come a long way. Sometimes we forget how truly lucky we actually are Such an honor meeting Chancellor Syverud today on behalf of We definitely gained a new fan So thankful for never fails to make me smile...Even after I've Been moaning and grumpy. This is what you get at work when people appreciate you .. The support system I got is beyond perfect. My life has improved so much in just under a year. That makes me extremely happy and grateful for everyone in my life. The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest. (William Blake) I am so lucky to have a supervisor that has my back 100% and that I can call when something happens. I just want to pause everything &amp; say I am so thankful for everyone who is my life Happy 1st of the month! Some opportunities in life ya just can't pass up Things could always be worse. Somehow you always know when I need to talk. you make me so happy every time I see the hundreds of poor bastards waiting to get on the 427N while I am on my way to the 427S. "it's all gonna be okay" It's amazing how different life is once you drop ALL negativity from it. I'll be back on the court way sooner than expected Being able to provide for my familia is the best feeling n the world No school tomorrow so today was my friday. Thank god For the cardio recovery video... Wow! In 7 days I will have had my license for a year! Enjoyable lunch get together w Lindsey, LD &amp; Dan to show my appreciation to them for assisting w my return to PCWS! Luca &amp; me bosque se la I'm not sure why, but every Rascal Flatts ballad makes me want to cry today. I'M OFFICIALLY DONE WITH UNDERGRAD!!!!! I'm so happy with my life, family, friends, and school Thank you Father God for another day! I'm for the few friends I have, twitter friends who keeps encouraging me... Thank god that went great!!!! Today I got to put nursing school aside and be a kid again. Thank you lord for the new day! :) I couldn't ask for a better partner,friend,lover. "What a savior, King forever. We thank you for the cross." Overwhelmed that Jesus paid the ransom for a unworthy sinner. I'M OFFICIALLY DONE WITH UNDERGRAD!!!!! yaaaaaay 2day was a fuckin good day aint have 1 of those in a min God has truly blessed me with a wonderful fianc &amp; a pretty cute wiener dog Exams &amp; all work for this semester is officially DONE. Praise The Lord! Thank u for the continued support Love a good blether with the mama Just got a call from Tallis and he'll be home on the 16th! Views from the top of paradise.... I Needed This One Today I love that I can say that if he doesn't treat you right, than leave his ass, without being a hypocrite Give something of value to others for free. It will return to you in many times over. the Karl Hess who sells real estate in New Jersey has a real shitty web presence, and, for that, i am Finished anatomy with a 94. Max GPA points towards el centro nursing. Dr's appointment went pretty good! I'm glad there's nothing severe wromg with me! :) Thankful for a God who is not bound by anything. The same peace of God in Canada is the same peace of God in Europe. Happy new month happy people... Never take the little things for granted. Such a beautiful day today! Just remember how good you have it compared to others Basically, i have some freaking awesome people in my life, my parents, siblings, my man, and my very few but very special friends Dear God if you don't do anything else for me thank you for the things you have already done!! Even when things aren't going right, there's never a day I don't feel blessed or loved. Beyond blessed to have the type of woman I do as a girlfriend. BROWN STEWED CHICKEN FOR DINNER to that one time I was given a pink suit This hummer was in our parking lot today! Best people on earth ! My job rocks, I'm even being borrowed a USED jersey for tomorrow! Thank you Jesus for allowing me &amp; my family to see another day! Que rico es comer! Valio la pena estar en el Saunatronic 2000 meta! Thank you Gsus My Goodness Gracious! :D Had a great birthday: cake and card from Team and dinner with the fam at Novikov Lord I will never be able to thank you enough for ALL you have done for me &amp; my family. Justin is the one who taught us to believe in ourselfs, to never give up and always give back. Thank you for all these lessons. About to pick up my new bike!! thanks In our parking lot today! for social media like which fosters and an interface to discuss I am in love with life again and I'm only young!! I surround myself with nothing but the best people in my life I'm chewing on Hebrews 12:5-11 now. I love the Scriptures. Lost my wallet for half a minute at school. It was returned with everything in its place. My faith in humanity continues on. ...I love you God, I can only do this work with you on my side... Mike d'antoni resigned from my l.a lakers A beautiful day for a baseball game with the one and only Man, I needed the spiritual direction meeting. Badly. Jheezee the SOE boys got the big shout out in Nottingham I really don't think this week so far could have gone any better. Usually its a the daily stomach ache, but today I got REALLY lucky and got a migraine too :) for flappy bird white waiting at the doctors 10 Things to be Thankful For via I am an imperfect person loved by a perfect God. The good Lord works in great ways! Wow, I prayed and he listened Thanks, Tim. Couldn't have taken on a without working for such an amazing company. :) I'm so to God this week!Although my work was late. I have done them! You've given me the will to do this xD thanks for everything you have done for me and nothing can express my thanks I signed a contract today on our house in Bolivar that we are selling! Pray with me for favorable appraisal and inspection! I am very thankful that today has been a very productive day, and I am glad that everything does get better in life in time. Love booking Paradisus. Everyone is always happy. *curls up under table and waits patiently* Got Another Diaper Bad &amp; I Got My Stroller w The Carseat Today Thanx To My Mommiee , Granny &amp; Great Granny ! I really do have real friends... May1 marks the completion of 1yr with the Int'l Mktg Dept Such a beautiful day to celebrate! This is my favorite scripture. I cling to it daily. (I was challenged by Check out this awesome article featuring for her story! I'm soooo glad I hardly ever have drama. I am a continuing recipient for the RMHC of Greater Las Vegas scholarship program!!! We have the absolute best neighbors ever! I have the sweetest boyfriend! Today was a good day, it still is .. I'll take one man who admires me over several guys hitting on me any day My light testers for the afternoon :) learning how to build light diffusers from my Unc. Having real talks with my parents is kind of a stress reliever Thought this was a pretty sweet pic!! Can't believe all the opportunities I have been given!! Always enjoy my time working for Here's one from this afternoon. Finished math this semester with a 99! Anything not routine with my flight while in air would be scary to me. Stranded but safe. About to watch my lil bro play some baseball!!!! lovin spring time! Senior Game with my number one fans!! Westminster Christian Remembering how I felt this time last year and feeling blessed for my friends and the people in my life who really care. Days like today I'm bless to have the personality I have. A girl was shaking so badly while talking to the class from her seat. Just broke open a nice crisp bag for that run Hang in there. You're is good. Left both my phones inside th dressing room. Didn't see anyone I know, but someone returned both of them with a label "Dr Decano". Hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia weather like this is a struggle , thank god I work indoors When your parents are truly your best friends and you can encourage each other in tough times I'm Embracing it, Owning it and Loving it!!! I got my own house, got my own car, and my younging well tooken care of Had a great week at It is a privilege to serve in a great fellowship. Love seeing friends/colleagues from across Canada That was the best pick me up I'm so blessed to have wonderful people in my life. and I are overwhelmed and blessed. Came home to another prepared dinner from and family. Today is at the of ! Don't forget to give As if I needed any other reminder of where I am lol! God Bless Our Troops for our I really thank God everyday for the opportunity to go to college! Like fr not everybody can do this or even get the chance to! today has been such a great day! I just can't even comprehend it. Had such a bad week but a good dinner, good movie, and good sleep with my boyfriend definitely made me feel better. All the elevators are broken. So and to live on the 11th floor because I just stairs Bless your soul for canceling class tonight! A special thanks to all who took the time to vote for us in our Top 100 Leading Moms in Business Competition! johannaliz16 thank you for being so AWESOME! Sold another candle today! Check out my Etsy shop, its always an awesome thing when prayers are answered God is good, all the time, God is good! Got niggas hitting me like I just want to follow what ever your movement is . Tonight is confirmation round 2 with the Archbishop. Dentist visit is over! Where's the smoke from Peter C. It's not happy people who are thankful; it's thankful people who are happy. Some days I simply cannot believe this is my life. Could be better .. But shit.. could be worse . I'm for you as always, you truly are the loveliest man I have ever met &amp; I can not wait to hug you tight xo S/o to the dude at the food court for giving me my food for free cuz I left my money in my locker at work thanks for chipper truck coming bye! Gods been blessing Me not gon Lie *SCREAMING THANK YOU GOD* Just found out I won/received a $1,000 scholarship for college! This is so inspiring vine by: ? Guess who'll be on the cover of the companies next magazine ...#blessed Yes Tiesto, I will go anywhere for you Don't fall in love often but...... I told my mom this morning that I needed a teenager to cut my grass. Today, two kids came to my door and offered to cut my grass. One of those days my smile is just not big enough to express my love &amp; joy for my son &amp; hubby. Thank you for 2 good men! Atleast I have to cheer me up Gosh did I miss receiving $40 every week! I am where I am because God said I didn't finish what I was suppose 2 before I left the 1st time. Thank God for 2nd chance. Really appreciate and yelling my name before lunch everyday Officially done with my first year of college. Realest pic I seen.. Life is too short Started all over on this day May 1, 2004. Thought I was going to die but God said I'm just beginning to live. and I during 2004 Pledge Drive. He helped us raise a lot of $ for All seven chakras that's beautiful is great! I'm number 3 on the charts for graduation weather is perfect! 8 days away S/o to all the adults in my life who literally support me at every turn. Day started extremely good I must say. 3 unexpected things have alr happened to be so for except the part I woke up late Sure glad I'm working with a good crew today at work lol My account is protected now.... And everything is good , Identity theft is real What if you woke up tomorrow and you only had what you thanked GOD for today!? Roamie Last day of work the ladies group put together a little something for me I put myself in the worst positions but God always keeps me. Feels so good to be hanging out with Chase again outside of the hospital. Only my brother would get my mom a cactus flower... Prayers going out to my hometown Waseca , have been turning into a typical thing in my life. Rattled yet Had an amazing one here in LA with the guys. We killed the showcases!! Lots of excitement brewing up. My life is so perfect right now I honestly am soo blessed I passed my boards today! Today is national prayer day. Don't forget to pray! thanks for all the support!! She always knows how to make me laugh even when I'm having a bad day God has more MERCY than we have mess Dear your update is the best. I got to see&amp;talk to my two favorite guys, and tonight. I never in a million years thought I would ever get that back Today has been a blessing ! Man is my main homie! for a real bro Oh brother it is good to have you home Can't thank the man above me enough answered many prayers lately I'm so thankful of the friends that I have. They'd do anything for me. The fact that my relay team is still running this late in the year is a blessing Uncle Mike just got home! The last 4 hours of my life were the most amazing 4 hours I've ever had.I feel like I'm on cloud 9 and nothing can bring me down. I love my job. I'm so lucky! lekmoore Im so happy that i don't have to pay for my gas Coffee in bed is the perfect way to start the day Tinder is for rating girls and feeding them cheesy pick up lines. Nothing more. It's just sheer luck that I found you. So thankful for my pap right now for letting me do stuff for him so I can get caught up on bills There are some people I know I can count on no matter what This class really makes me to have fresh drinking water Team writing thank-you notes to our supporters, &amp; support staff... Keys to our success. Today is a great day Thank you so much mom for this graduation present! A relaxing time at the beach with my babe is the best present ever!! Received a Care package from church back home! Sometimes you gotta forget all the worries in the world and be thankful for what you have. When you have someone that appreciate God and his creations as much as you do. Day 15: My hubby doing the dishes because god knows I wasn't doing them after the day I had. But thats ok at least ill be home with my sisters Everyday, based on my performance I deserve punishment, condemnation. But due to union with Christ, I receive His reward. The new whip I got for my birthday so stoked on this! I dont realize how lucky i really am Super stressful day turned out to be a great one spent with my future mother-in-law :) I am so lucky to have a great supporting cast around me in my life. Thanks friends and family! I am very in name for provision &amp; care. May The Lord all of you who are a help to me, even in small ways! Thank God for this werk.. They keep feeding us...and well!! God is great! I'm on The most successful people are for everything regardless of their situation. Your thoughts and your feelings create your life today was a good day. but so is everyday for me. Omg! So many great doors are opening! I Love My Life Mane I knew this year was going to fly by. But I enjoyed every second of it! I'm for my because without it i wouldn't have stumbled across my This year met some ppl I call family and many more days like these when i'm reminded why i love my job and my awesome members What do you love the most about your spouse, your children, those you share life with? I'll be going to college for FREE Iona College Class of 2018 The craziest part is that yesterday marked a year of my mom's and my accident At least everyone is perfectly fine and safe Just got promoted at work Little bit of knit mixed with leather its chilly ... At a good place in life God, only you know why you let things happen I have to do something huge for my mom on mother's day .... She has been my biggest supporter . I need her in my life. Won first place with that sculpture. Whether she meant to or not, Erika made me feel so much better. I'm so lucky to have her in my life. And as I sit here, the day before I turn 25, I can say that I am happy, grateful and thankful where I am and who is in my life. God is so good. I deserve absolutely nothing, but yet he blesses me everyday LORD, help me to always recognize those distractions are just THAT and bring me back to what I KNOW is of most importance Braylon is 11Months it went by so fast,cant believe hes already going to be 1 next month Seeing him grow daily has been amazing.! In college on a full ride athletic scholarship, carrying over a 3.6, and im working I've become a self-improvement addict &amp; I will go to any length to become the best me possible... feels good to win at life! ;) DONE with work for the day! FINALLY A night off! Sometimes I don't know if it's just luck or if I'm really good at guessing things, but all I know is that I'm super right now That moment when you get a $10 tip on a less than $20 bill and your faith in humanity is restored. So for this beautiful and for being off work tonight to see it. Love these little You know you have the best friends when they check on you, because they know something is up. I am blessed to say that my cousin is officially a free man from the burden of the law. No one can hold you back now. thank you so much for not forgetting about me!! Early morning surprise.. The Globe Tower Mmmm life I think is actually turning around Glad to have made it through the dead of winter into the spring of another year. if you live ur life with the regrets of yesterday &amp; the worries of 2morrow, u will have no today to be for! Running all over for some Elmo ! Kids ? for Pops coming, spring game and bday weekend Starting the month off right with an unexpected raise hard work pays off Graduate college in 9 days Thank you, thank you for my gift Can't wait to start reading Thrive by At least I got a scholarship Breakfast with a favorite pal set the tone for a great day! 5-3:30 tomorrow...I don't want to do it. But I'm Two songs recommended for consideration, so far for this quarter, through Whoop! :) Thank you for making my morning so much brighter! This guy that I wrapped a present for gave me 20 bucks for being such an entertaining and helpful guy. Good people out here. Life is always great when you end up having a three hours long conversation on the phone with a soulmate. Goodmorning sunshine. My only sunshine.. :) Thank God for this wonderful day. The power of a helping hand from a stranger is an incredible thing. I'm so thankful for Her teaching and wisdom is so practical and so Spirit led! to have met the Association's Larry Ramos, who died yesterday. Outtakes from my Association liner notes: So thankful that I have friends &amp; family who will support my every decision Cole's the hardest worker I know. He got to work at 6:20am, got home &amp; has been working since on a 2nd job he takes on at night With an amazing trainer like mine, you're half way there! Giving thanks and praise for a successful surgery and speedy recovery. Just found my earbuds went through the washer today. Still work! SOOOOOO... I have some pretty amazing people in my life. Don't know what I did to deserve it buuuut IMA KEEP DOIN WHAT I'M DOIN. praise the lord because my earring was just intertwined in my rug Aaaaamazing performance by the Jenison Orchestras tonight, you have a gift and Mrs Johnson is the proud sponsor of the National Magazine Awards New teary eyes. full stomach. can't lose. so for the Katie just sent me a heart filled message. I don't get to to offen from that bitch Thank God I have Don't know what I'd do without him.. so excited for things to continue to fall into place Finally reunited after 6 years Sarasota, Florida Today was my 1st day back to work after flaring all week.Tomorrow is my last day of work.Can't wait to focus fully on my health :D So many awards and I'm getting my AP Scholar one tomorrow! followed my gotkathniel page on ig Pretty sure I couldn't have made it through this week without my boyfriend. The most successful people are for everything regardless of their situation. It's the little things that count I have such a beautiful family. Sharing the couch every night with and our baby Izzie is one of the best things Gods blessed me with Ahhh!!! My first blog post is up on the blog! Salute the entire staff for supporting and playing my records.. I love my wife and kids!!! So blessed! I cannot stress enough how awesome my God is. He has been right by my side everyday but seemingly more these past few days! Day one complete!!! Much more to go! Ready to see what God has planned for me and my family things are going good Tis the season of sun dresses What would I do without my mom? How time fly at wrk wen I'm checking out my TL 4 SOCIAL MEDIA Everyday is a blessing.. Feeling Not working for chickfila is a huge relief haven't said my pleasure in over two days! God knows my struggles. He has been making room for these blessings God has blessed me so much despite my disobedience I'm thankful for ginger tea. thanks to the markop family for helping me get through thisLove you guys more than anything That moment when your artistry hits a whole nother level!!! I'm so and that all my friends in entertainment here in have stopped by to wish me well at the Great sales day! Celebrate withhh Good job police department thank you to that observant employee we are so and Those friends that look at you, instantly know everything isn't ok...But somehow make u laugh&gt;&gt;&gt; the 2 people I rely on most, outside of my parents, are and I honestly couldn't be any happier than I am the last couple of months. Much love to our PR sisters &amp; for holding down the social media! You seem to know exactly how to turn my mood around Got a blessing today feeling very Because I love pocket books! I love working with my dad. He is my mentor and the person I look up to. THANK YOU FATHER FOR ANOTHER BLESSED AND SUCCESSFUL DAY... Sometimes all you need is a call for someone to let you know how blessed you truly are. followed my gotkathniel page on ig Feeling so wonderful for Sunday , been practicing like crazy ! Heres a sneak peak ;) Huge shout out to my defense and especially for making some awesome plays tonight! One day baby we'll be old and think about the stories that we could have told Road trip, old school music and my love...good times. My life's been crazy, but I'm STILL here. Love that bailey knows that ice cream and flowers makes me feel a little better I may not have everything that I want, but I have everything that I need. I thanks for the good and the bad... You never know what a persons been thru! I have the most amazing friends and family. I couldn't have asked for a better day. Reminded tonight that even though brokenness overwhelms me, there is so much more hope and light to be found. The victors of this years film festival! lolsz Everything is beginning to fall into place We Sometimes take Life for Granted! Live/Laugh/Love! Money is always Everything! Some guardian angel was looking after me on that ride home When I say I'm so thankful for not having classes on Fridays, y'all, I'm sooooo thankful for that I feel like it's fate that I've found such amazing friends! I can't say it enough how thankful I am for all the amazing people in my life! Para ser feliz hay que tener mala memoria W/God ~o~ got a $28k scholarship to RIT! I never call and ask my mom and dad for shit. But they do for they're grandkids. Thank you Bebe God bless always! He's Working It Out In My Favor Already Life is pretty good at the moment! Today has just been one of the best days ever. MIAMI URBAN LIVING:Real Estate: Enjoying! with Love. Reading contract and I have some amazing friends. I have a great support system. God just keeps blessing me I am a lucky lady to call these two my family. God is really watching over my family!! Sweetest small group in all of G Vegas!!!!! I'm so glad I go to Drayers A couple days a week. Devos just a miracle starting to get my arm back! Never would of made with it without you... If you don't understand the love that Jesus has for you, you'll never understand what true love really is. So with haven't had much time to on the other. Don't won't to stop &amp; think... The feeling you get from being a blessing to someone else is amazing! Got my head right.. Now my future bright I'm so lucky to have someone like you by my side I truly am blessed with such a supportive family! My exceptionally long week ended perfectly with a lovely surprise note from Really appricate all the love and support from everyone. Definitely be careful what you wish for! If your dreams don't scare you, you're not dreaming big enough! just full out cried on Skype with Awesome dinner with Aaron! Couldn't ask for a better last night :) are very generous.always just be thankful I can't stand people! Remember to be Today has been such a wonderful day! Met some great ppl at SAT class, and I'm now able to call them friends Today has been a day filled with blessings &amp; I thank god for all of it an important message for myself Have some great memories with these dudes! twitterless Mikhail My bros are the best days; for sure. Surrounded by a of and , most certainly. So 2 see much chat &amp; sharing within our caring where people feel safe&amp;validated. My early Mommy's Day presents 's cd and tickets 2 her Hamilton show! Cloud 9 right here! Her! , I swear Is the only person who keeps me sane through the hardest time xo 1st day of class August 23, 2010. Last day of class May 1, 2014. Unbelievable time. Unforgettable memories. My interviewer let me know I basically got the internship I have the best friends Sooooo blessed and couldn't be happier Are you up for the challenge???? Be transformed by the renewing of your mind Wow, life is just so great! Feeling extra blessed right now thank you God! it's soooo sweet! Glad you convinced me I didn't want another van! Love it, but love you more!!! Yay for a brother who drops me food to my school for me Thank God for looking out for our friends and family in Waseca by preventing a horrible terroristic act from happening. I just want to thank God for all our success today. All the glory goes to Him!! I've been so incredibly blessed lately it's unreal. Things have finally started to turn around for me. for the seniors. Hard to believe they were in our shoes 3 years ago! Huge respect! May 1, 2013 I was given the greatest opportunity of my life. It is such a blessing to serve as the student pastor of Legacy! So my roommate and I have like a bazillion things in common. I am so happy! What would I do without him ???!!!! Life of a small business owner used to be stressful... Then we started being blessed and growing... Changes in 2014 are coming! Id rather have this stuff over the dinners and expensive dates. It means so much more than any of that. I'm fortunate enough to be blessed with a great life, family, and friends. I'm so spoiled, new tablet and laptop for early grad gifts! You know...Even when you can't see the good in a situation. God will show you how he can flip a negative into a positive. I seriously have the best friends ever Two more days of school. Then and here I come!! That moment you realize you dodged a bullet. To see now where I am &amp; the full joy that springs from my heart...I look over the timeline of my life &amp; scream I'm blessed! rob treats me beyond amazing, he removed my nail polish, painted my toes, fed Me, rubbed my feets. Not even the half of it. So Workshop in Shiga!! Great great great energy n passion! I loved it:) I had an amazing 18th birthday! I have some pretty amazing people in my life! I'm so happy my brother came down from state to visit me!!! In the month of April we hit 22,000 views. More than double my goal. The power of goals man. it's so weird how God works Cdt Sct Racelle N. Davis In the month of April we hit 22,000 views. More than double my goal. The power of goals man. Awesome!! Congrats! Cray-zee! lol. Sometimes all you can do is laugh. Wow. This week has been such a good week. Was reminded that there are still good people in the world today.. These two guys... They rock my face off. Today I'm thankful I'm alive and breathing. Not every one is that lucky. Last long night of the semester. brought me cookies for a late night study snack. And he used Pinterest. So proud of my boy Alyssa has been one of my best friends since 6th grade. I dont know what id do without you racoon My father just bought me 2 baking pans National Day of Prayer service was an awesome time of prayer and praise! Nine years ago tonight I made the best decision of my life...I realized Christ paid my debt &amp; there was nothing left for me to do! Its My Son Birthday So Blessed To Have This Kid In My Life I need to stop complaining about little things &amp; remember people have way bigger problems than I could even think to have It's so nice to have friends that are kind and understanding. They said they will try and make it so that I can come home at least 2 weekends while I'm gone for the 8 weeks lifted trucks and bombfires at stave with some amazing people today lucky to have a guy like you in my life I'm loving the people that the keeps putting in my life! Two new members of Marcom arrived today. an evening dinner with some great ppl that I consider I forget these blessings sometimes. The sun is starting to shine Amazing yoga session tonight. My heart is full of gratitude. What a difference a year makes! Happy! s/o to for being the most caring person I've met in my life Nothin like a call from a far away friend to turn my day around. Always has the right thing to say. All praise to the most high So thankful for my baby boy Did I mention that rocks? Cafe con leche made for me!! &lt;3 Today has been so great! Beat Bellevue and was named Academic All-Conference, an amazing day. Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes and Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you but simply to say thank you, for all I have. They that wait upon the Lord will renew their strength. Feeling like an eagle tonight. for everything and everyone god has blessed me with! God please watch over the world , my family , my friends &amp; myself :/ I almost didn't go when she came to Ga. But I bought tickets 2 hrs before and was front row Really really not sure what I would do without Skype. Reached 220 Facebook fans today!! No school tomorrow? Thank God for our new Bishop. thaa strongest pohhint for my life evaa is cuumin' up for abouut thaa nexxt 20 yearz The devil is always taking his chances at your life. Keep an eye out. Owww bae, YOU ARE THE BEST IDOL EVER!! &lt;3 :') how did I get so blessed to have such an amazing man in my life?! SO PUMPED! Received 150/150, 100% on my comprehensive exams. Nearly two years of work in one four day span of writing...passed. Super hot and not being at 100% today, still managed to get a PR I'm so lucky to have such supportive friends and family. Ok, so Pharrell just became my new favorite artist... Thankful for their efforts to protect people, save homes and property. It was pretty chaotic, but they did a great job! I have the best boyfriend ever. He is always there for me when I need him and he always makes me smile. Love you I sincerely believe God placed me at RCB for a reason. So many amazing things have happened since. Saying my prayers &amp; going to bed. Im so for this I thank the Most High every single day for Not only does he Love I have the best mom in the entire world Last stop of the night. So blessed with the best people in my life! Life is hard, but God is good. Alhumdhullillah=thank you god=in arabic :) trying to say this more often I have the best group of friends that anybody could ever ask for! Can't wait to play around with it :) I have some great friends Words of affirmation, simple yet powerful. Today has been such a great day. I have fantastic people in my life Jst b4 I take a shwr I jst wanted to thank god for giving me a chance to get in2 this apprenticeship, &amp; my wife for supporting me Ahhhh... Sleeping in a queen size bed again &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Listening to getting so pumped to hear him this weekend!!!! Today was a very tiring yet fulfilling day. Got a letter from Drexel about teaching new audio engineers. Dope feelin. man man man there are some amazing people out there One year will be soon It fits and looks great!!! Glad is always there for me The only girls that have been there for me when I needed them was hope Kristen senya and Selena God is so good!! It's amazing :) Got to spend time with both of my bestest friends today! That doesn't happen very much anymore. I'm not where I want to be. But I thank God at how far he's brought me!!! So happy my mama came down tonight Thankfulness is the beginning of happiness So blessed, so lucky, so happy. You knows it's been a great day when you go to bed and life feels so unreal and beautiful. so lucky to be surrounded by people who make me happy Thank you God for creating such beautiful women! God works in the strangest ways, I'm not even worthy. I have such awesome and supportive people in my life who believe in me, I'm truly blessed. omg thank u so much can u Rt this pic you are hamsome haha Big shoutout to Karen at the office. She found my ID &amp; texted me to pick it up! There are still good people! It's nice having someone there for you whenever you need them.. My parents were insightful and positive tonight which is what I really needed after a day like today Its crazy how you can be so down and one person can change it all around, thank you All Moved in. for family &amp;mom &amp; friends &amp; Kendall who helped! I feel so unbelievably blessed right now! We started here and thanks to all of you we are where we are now. Excited for the May 27th talk! ... get on it! I'm assuming you're referring to me God never ceases to amaze me. Committing to your dream school has to be one of the best feelings ever. with ya'll for taking good care of him! Nothing can bring me down right now, God is so good and fills my life with so many blessings. I sincerely don't think anybody has ever been that excited following me on twitter before Jesus told him, I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one can come to the Father except through me." (John 14:6 NLT) Thank you God for blessing me with a wonderful loving family &amp; a place to call home sweet home! If you find someone that can work with you 24/7 despite your mood or attitude.. You better cherish the shit out that person The best has yet to come ... Talking to my gram always makes me feel better. love her. guy going deep. Thank God for people like these guys. More bands should be like them You know it's real when your latest nights are your greatest nights. Live music. Dancing. Sunset. This man. Perfect evening. U.S. National Whitewater Center It's past 7pm and the sun is still up. Hooray! it's spring! Life is so perfect right now My mom brought home lemonade. Life is so perfect right now I knw it's you God.. you are a blessing in my life. Such a great night I absolutely love the amazing leaders/students God has brought into our lives! Designed a logo for a class project recently and the client picked mine... it still hasn't sunk in It's official, come &amp; visit me at Ulta guys She made me who I am she is the reason I'm strong today just wanna say thank you for all the birthday wishes and to everyone who made this day amazing :) I found my self whispering, "mmm I missed you so much..." to my pillows as I crawled into bed. So thankful for my flexible job so I can go on auditions and take classes! God has blessed me with an amazing church and some of the best friends I could ask for in Lubbock. Tonight I've been reminded to trust God's sovereignty and to allow his will to take place in my life. I need someone who will always force me to do my homework Don't wish away your time here at Westminster. Even if it is during finals week. Our lives could be a lot worse Another great shoot with the young and gorgeous Madison for my loyal clients :) My last final as an undergrad I am so happy to have the friends I do and happy I got to see then today Work all day and get to come home to Devin rubbing my feet and making me dinner :) God is the reason for every single bit of success that I have had in the life He has given me. Thank god ESPN is obsessed with basketball so I don't have to watch the bruins replay Shout out to everyone who has offered to help me get through this prom drama these past couple days! bux o uo ' s nq 'ooo I will never forget the people who were genuinely nice to me freshman year when I moved here. Honored to be speaking twice this weekend at the Central California conference. I am seriously so blessed with all the people in my life. Chico 100% himself again his hair growin bacc an erethang yes im so lucky ka birthday kita bro!!!! feeling blessed.. such a fantastic day of fellowship with some of my greatest friends. And every time you remind me of what heaven is like:) moments to remember....#happy , , Those life saving heart to heart conversations with your best friends about each other's Faith &gt;&gt; My mom does everything for me Thank you for helping become the chapter it is today! We couldn't have done it without you! Rhino and Xtina take UNH without Aileen this weekend Last day at cookout tomorrow then I start my new job tues. Well, pops finally gave me my car love the dude. Girls do the freakiest things for the Realest Niggus So I decided to take a of with It Works! I couldn't ask for a better or I have some pretty amazing people in my life. 97 days to go! yeay! :))) Ah, gotta love it when the evening air brings the cool breeze. My body and brain were on cruise control this whole week. And I honestly don't know how I made it to Friday There's not a whole lot of things better than turning a blank word document into a 9 page book report. You can tell which people care the most, just by the way they talk to you. Especially when it's turned for the worse. I love all of my followers Y'all mean so much to me you have absolutely no idea! When I speak to my Daddy, He listens! Feeling convicted and at the same time. So Glad I Made It Tonight Lord I lay down to sleep &amp; I Shall Rest in You. I Give You My Not for a moment will you forsake me Couldn't ask for a more supportive community! It's been an amazing day! Only know it's going to get even better. I have amazing friends and family. What more could I ask for? I should have gotten in a bad accident today. All this money I'm spending on shit. Made possible by my job. God is Good all the time for for cleaning up our home while i'm trolling the internets for no reason Adam is really the only person that can calm me down when I'm this upset. Thank you to my bubs itskicker for this beauty! The creator is good all the time even when u feel drained an uncertain of ur existance. Sending strangers for door 2 door service Not getting attacked by racoons I mistakenly thought were cats, adults who text LOL, the thumbnail moon, and remembering trash day VIP + one mini. Amazing people in our life. Seriously couldn't ask for anyone better than I've been tweeting all night but one more is necessary. is the most genuine, loyal and encouraging friend I've ever had It was an amazing day. 4 anotha day 2 make opportunities outta obstacles... Seriously couldn't dream of anyone better than I'm lucky to have fallen in love with you. You've changed my life more than i could have asked for. The conversation me &amp; my mom are having is making me ball like a baby. Gunner &amp; Flyer complete me . I would be nowhere without my boys Realizing how good I have it and how blessed I am. Thanks for another conference. Who is the best? Camden is the BEST! today has be filled with stressors that all seemed to have been completely wrapped up in Gods peace. Always a joy to have good company when enjoying delicious food!!! Sigur rs will forever get me through my homework. Judge delivers longest sentence allowed for attempted 1st degree murder of our firefighters after setting house on fire! There's always someone who knows how to make things better I have some of the best friends that you could ask for Did you catch our feature in the today? God has been showing up and showing out these past few weeks It has been a busy day....finally tucking my tootsies in the sheets Even on my worse days, I praise you for the gift of seeing another one Right where I want to be and wanting what I have. Had my wakeup call when I found out mine had cancer but God kept him here. Wow writing that scholarship essay made me so thankful for the amount of pride we show at Southwest. Katelyn keeps my spirits lifted all day, every day Had so much with my frenelyn Tweet winter is my favourite season. Most dumb bitchez lose their voices Today was a fun/nice day. Part of the freshman experience is getting written up your last night in East Lansing xo This has by far been the most stressful semester of my life. But now everything is starting to fall into place. today was overwhelming.. but it really shows how deep the friendships we've developed are :') Got pulled over after running a red light &amp; they were kind enough let me off the hook... Love what you do, and it will never feel like work So blessed to have you in my life. Tonight I am reminded of the beauty of grace I have so much respect for all the people who are here for me no matter what. I love y'all has brought so many amazing friends and sisters into my life I have so much respect for all the people who are here for me no matter what. I love y'all Blessed beyond what I deserve I remember them days, made me the woman I am now at least my mommy understands me. God is sending you the resources to carry out that vision!" I see them coming!! love having a simple boyfriend whos not known to be full of drama or messing around with other bitches. I'm For My Struggle, Bcuz w.0ut it I Wouldn't Have Upon My I really do have some great friends and family.... I have a beautiful sister . I love it when a bad day turns into a good one It's the simple things in life that make it so much better Family is so precious to have.. Doing it LIVE!!! At least i can run a couple fans and lights! Things aren't exactly the same, but it's the first. And that marks one more month that I've know this guy. chicago's restaurant game is real serious Is very thankful it's Friday Stack was cool AF I actually was around him on some in the studio everyday type shit Watched him create classic verses.. for dat! What an incredible evening!! Living that blessed life! I can actually tell that I'm beginning to smile a lot more. There's something about talking to my bestfriend that helps make it a lot better. I don't know what I would do without her. Lyla + one of her favorite people well the bday is almost over and even tho i spent most of it studying it's safe to say i have some pretty amazing ppl in my life Literally working for what I want....God already supplies me with what I need. So pleased with the service at the at the Store. Such friendly staff. Between the move &amp; starting my college classes I don't know what to feel! Lol I am and beyond Today I am thankful that I love to cook so much, I have dreams about the perfect secret ingredients for certain things Thankful for everything The Lord had blessed me with ! Never get so caught up in life making a living that you forget to actually enjoy the little things! Sarah buys me jamba &amp; makes me noodles when I'm sick That Shower was everything, the End of another Good Day! Goodnight y'all! my bf knows how to keep me smiling. even when I don't want to. Just a year ago, today Justin showed his first concert in my country. Im still and 23!!!! Lord thank you for blessing me w/ 23 years of life!!!! Waking up is a reason to Could not ask for a better life I have a great family, and great friends but most of all I got the best girlfriend ever Aiwa! Inta my only babylove Drive home, day done. Thank You Lord for a good one. Passed both classes! Will be retaking in Sept with the rest of my program mates though Very thankful for my brother for displaying the love of Christ every day. But Lately I've Been Relaying It Into Reality. Woof! These pups are bred, trained &amp; help those who need assistance. Listening to TheXX next to the fire alone is so peaceful! Just thinking, and reflecting on life God sends blessings left and right I haven't felt this happy in so long God just keep blessing me :) I love that my boyfriend and I can get super mad at each other but then talk it out and be fine. Daily Bread: Loving God is the key to loving others. Happy 17 to the badass bitch Im lucky enough to call my girlfriend my fav bc I got ppl in my corner who are genuine. I went for a walk I my parenting class. I have learned so much and have made so many connections with the ladies. This place is yummy Boston Market Westchester I know I'm blessed regardless of all the negativity things I go through. I seriously couldn't be more happy with life... Save My Life 2step yo The best part of any race whether I'm on foot or my bike is being with my friends! Wow hard work &amp; a good mind set really pays off Dylan ordered us dominos... he made my day so much better. I'll be working with kids this summer!! Can't describe the love I've felt these past few weeks Got a scholarship today at the banquet it ain't much but it will definitely may for my college books. A reply from crush can make your day wonderful...same happened to me...thanks sarah... Because I'm happy *Some people should learn to be happy for others then maybe they'll be I wanna thank for saving my life, showing me that hockey is a better sports than anything else thankful for the strangers that helped push my car out of the intersection so I wouldn't get t-boned by oncoming traffic. I got a scholarship today at the banquet it ain't much but it will definitely pay for my college books. Luckily, Chelsey and Jacob kept shit from boiling over. So thankful for Lauren's house and spoons or I wouldn't have even met Dustin when i did! It would be selfish if I wasn't just happy that I even get the chance to make you smile So blessed for my Dutch fam. Whenever I need to vent, someone is always there to listen. Today was a good day! My heart is full! Everynight I think about how much God has changed my life. Today was a much more laid back day! Tomorrow is an office day, but I am I will be able to hang w/#friends B tankful 4 wat u av,ull end up avin more. If u concentrate on wat u dnt av,u will neva evr av enof. Part of why I kept sane Junior &amp; Senior year is honestly for letting me rant &amp; talk openly w/o feeling judged Late post - TBT - Priceless Moments - It's been an amazing day. Good night. So and for this amazing man God has blessed me with. It's a beautiful morning....and it's a privilege to be alive Tonight was one of the best nights I've had in a while. Great talk with a great friend on a walk under God's beautiful stars. It's the little things in life that mean the most. Dear God, no matter what is going on in my life I thank you for the privilege of being alive today. I legit have the best parents in the world. Love them so much. some friends never go away i wuld like to thank my mum and dad but not only my mum and dad but God and Jesus 2 And I'm making them happen with such good teamwork!!! "Be for what you have..."-Oprah Winfrey I'm Lord. . . I'm Alive !! Dunno what I would do without ears to listen and arms to hold me when something's wrong, which is like all the time This is another day that the Lord kept you At home maxxin watchin the show it doesn't get no better than that Bt also u hv sin even wen he left u I'm grateful Lord for the gift of I'm Lord. . . I'm Alive !! I thank my God upon every remembrance of you -Philippians 1:3 Can't believe that I had a one year break! Time goes by so fast. That was one fun gap year! :-) Ill be 27 in 28days &amp; living life God is presenting me with so many opportunities that it wouldn't be right if I didn't give him my thanks! Way too blessed to be stressed Had a good girls night and got to reconnect with lots of old friends. a lot for ur help The most successful people are for everything regardless of their situation. Google translate has taught me half of the Spanish i know, which aint much, though, savin me for all these tests still The Lord knows what &amp; who you need &amp; WHEN you need it! MAY 7th I OFFICIALLY FINISHED MY FIRST YEAR OF COLLEGE I can always rely on my best friends to get me through frustration Being reminded who you are &gt;&gt;&gt; Someone just crashed through Oak Ave Trails! One turn of the wheel and he would have been in my backyard or worse no one was hurt I slept, I awake, why? Because the Lord sustained me. Today was amazing! Thank you What an amazing team to work with! Been a tough week but I have a big God. One of the most fun birthdays I can remember :) crosses off a small bucket list item and went bowling with the people I love :) Just finished the grind... Boca Raton, FL and Toronto, Canada this weekend... Time to call it a night... Daily I'm inspired but today I got a double dose of it. Days like today make me never want to come inside. so many fun new memories with friends today. Shout out to my girl for making sure I made it home safely tonigjt! love u boo! Life is a gift wake up everyday and realize that 2 shoots this weekend Creating beautiful conceptual imagery all that precious spunk will be cleaned up by me carefully I've been given another chance to prove myself worthy. Henry serenading me with his guitar makes today a little betters It's officially my birthday. Now, I can't wait to wake up &amp; start being a queen as usual. God has blessed me with another year Scott Burgin, thank you! I've watched you do this. The most successful people are for everything regardless of their situation. ! :) for for and friends and supporters. Fina go to sleep eight this on my face bruh Once you see the condition of some of these people you start to realize how blessed and lucky you are. Finally moved into my new spot Day 22: I'm for blankets and ginger tea. I love God, and this life is precious. Time at home was definitely needed for me to re-anchor, recollect, and remind myself of God's plan and my priorities Wow. Thank you so much dear online readers. Thanks the same to you!! My brother opened up for Joe Moses and Ty Dolla Sign today! better that than 'I am packing a shit' I am so blessed and grateful for the friends that God has placed in my life Good morning everyone and Happy Friday!! A nigga almost got busted while doing his Morning Glory! Certain Things Make Me Realize Who Someone Really Is... The few good people I have in my life are quite the amazing bunch Thank you igers! one more reason to love instagram! We've been too busy that we forget to appreciate this kind of beauty... Thanks the same to you! Good thing for concession passes and air conditioned buses in this weather. Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you but simply to say thank you, for all I have. sometimes a sunny morning run with a best friend is all you need.. that and Jesus Such awesome bosses I have. I bless them very richly. Thank you Jesus for all you have done for me!! It's a new day be get yo on expect things to off It's a new day be get yo on expect things to off It's a new day be get yo on expect things to off GoodMorning world. Blessed to see another day Over the moon to now be a Level 4 referee 27 months with this guy!! My multitasking skills really amazes me sometimes // Redeemed my beauty goodies from Lancome &amp; Estee Lauder otw back home Literally so glad I met , yes bish . God knows the hell I've been thru with but im still grateful that I get to see another day:) Surprise email revealing FOC 3 mths subscription to Her World kudos to so omg I love it when you wake me up at 4:30 to chat Love the sound of birds chirping before sunrises - really relaxing What a to have another for the people in my life &amp; came home to discover blackbox lying around at a discreet corner of the com table which I almost overlooked it. Made my day~! God gave you your life because He knows that you are the only one strong enough to handle it. God pulled me and my baby through a tough delivery. For Waking Up Today . It's nice when he lets you know how much he appreciates you. Make today the best of everything! [pic] Just had to remind myself that this isn't R&amp;R and is going to be here for a lot longer than 2 weeks If you're in not head to the North street and nominate ? for this opportunity. salamat po s sponsor!!!! :) Up on God annnnd my baby hours lol If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share. (W. Clement Stone) Just walked by a girl younger then me that had only one leg..no matter how bad you have it, someone else has it worse *Bow's Head And Counts Blessings* , I've Lived To See Another Day That Wasn't Promised Nor Privileged Thank God for another!!! Another day to start over and get right yesterday is the pass Thank you God for anther day, I thank you for the chance to make a new beginning. Good morning it's friday!!! I'm to see another day!! Thank u Lord !! My mom inlaw and husband bought me a new lap top for a late birthday gift! Thanking God For Allowing Me &amp; My Family To See Another Day . Anther day another blessing so I'm not stressing Start a gratitude journal today Goodmorning, Thanking The Man Above For Letting Me See Another Day. Today I am for sugar free syrup during prep!!! I'm coming back to the heart of worship and It's all about You. It's all about You, Jesus. Thank God for another day, each day is a precious gift from God, at any point he may not give you this gift. 15 days to go till AON Manila omggggg i cant wait! Wahhhhh so excited i cant even :D WOKE UP HAPPY! GOD IS GOOD! The lord has been so good to me and the ones around me cherish every moment received a blessing early Happy TGIFMay you all have a bless day Better thank god for waking you up this morning b/c it sure wasn't your alarm clock Thank God for waking me up this morning. My Nigga benny an miah live to see another day! In bed. Early morning suprise from Mama. for this day that wasn't promised :) I just want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes yesterday!!! G, I did it. I finally let go. FIT, I love you and I'll truly miss you, but I am ready to go! Today: errands, lots of 'em. Good Morning It's so beautiful outside. It's not Hawaii. It's Charlotte, NC Baby...... In other news.... HAPPY FRIDAY!! :D Good Morning friends, family and followers. It's seems we have been given another day to go out and do something awesome. Thank you Lord for waking us up this AM. Chef Bruce Ricketts "Amaebi" is the awesomest. Celebrating a good day with my love. Thank God for another chapter. Give him all the glory !!!! GoodMorning Thanking the man above for letting me see another day It's so beautiful outside. It's not Hawaii. It's Charlotte, NC Baby...... My son's morning ritual....it's like he is a Buddhist barista Lessons learned from recent hospitalization: take nothing for granted, go for your dreams, be My boyfriend has been so supportive lately Waking up healthy and determined to be successful with the desire to change others lives. What else can I ask for? God blessed me too see another day Hearing my Dad leave at 4 in the a.m, and Mom leaving at 6. I'm beyond thankful for being blessed with such hard working parents. thank you 4 relevant, applicable knowledge &amp; an experience with an immediate impact! Great stuff. Glad to have woken up this morning. Thanking God for letting me see another day. Then we called in the big fellas to lay the carpet! 18yrs ago I was given a chance of a lifetime. Who would have thought I would have made it to today. The Lord is good he has blessed me with an awesome family and has sent the Holy Spirit to give me my strong faith!#family New day, new mercies, same amazing and awesome God! today I am for my husband our dreams and our plans mean everything. but he means more. hope your daddy get well soon x Thank you to everyone signed up to lead a team for Race for. Hope! We are so grateful to the generosity of God's people. Thank God For Letting Me &amp; Jahari See Another Blessed Day. Morning by morning, new mercies I see Woof! These pups are bred, trained &amp; help those who need assistance. Celebrating 11 years of today! As our wisdom reaches the four corners of the world, can we keep the innocence of a newborn? Sad but true for those who stick by my side no matter what. ! My God is Awesome God ! Someone Didn't Make It To See This Friday, But I Did &amp; That's Enough To Give God Praise! is the mean of our life :) Right thing will happen at the right time, Thankyou! Thank You Lord Just For Another day Thankful today for every experience good or bad, past or present bcuz i no they are all gonna add up to making me a better person. Another day , another blessing . Clearport "San Jose California" "Brotherly Love Week" After That Bye Week Well Deserved. My entire life/ministry has been an "out of nowhere" experience. Just so happens right now its blessing after blessing Got an exciting email from Surrey Memorial Hospital, I got chosen to start a big project for pediatrics, maternity and NICU Trynna enjoy life nuh..no matter what the situation, SMILE! On my way to symposium in FL for the weekend! Oh I think they like me... I wanna thank you all for your support. I had a lot of views on my website and I'm pretty happy with it! Signing the new contract mi n my team gttin paid cc All praises to the Father for life Morning! Blessed to see another day not promised! In the midst of everything going in my life, every morning I wake up I thank HIM just because of who HE is... Be for the little things. Free freebies for today. Thanks for the lunch and snacks! Thank U 4 All My Supporters For Making My Second Place Possible :D It Means So Much To Me 5/2/13 gave me a new lease on life Crushing a workout before getting back to 3 shows in 3 days coming right up. Huge box of love from amazing shops from The day of my surprise party There is a Light behind every storm. I always feel good to have an elder brother ;) Greatful to see yet another day.. Rise and Shine.... for this day Well I just got orange juice all over my clothes and hair...so how's your day going? Today marks a big day for everyone today. 3 years ago today The SEALS went in and killed Osama Bin Laden. Thank You God for waking Me, My Family &amp; Loved Ones up This Morning Idk where I would be today w/o you in my life lord We made it! We are in! I ask myself this all the time, be Good Morning &amp; God Bless! I had an overwhelming revelation of just how much we owe God! Smiles&amp;Tears all at the same time! Praises to most high for waking me up this morning. After a long busy day at work, I come back home to my heart dog more excited to see me although his life is tiring sometimes. to have won this at my first College Sports Banquet I am so grateful for OU's college of education and receiving 2 scholarships for next year! What great news to start off my day! Thanking God For Another Day!!! for this day, and all that follows. One of my favorite months of the year. One of those mornings where I wake up feeling SO good-that the fact I'm tired doesn't mean a thing Thank you Lord for waking me up this morning and blessing me with another 24 hours to be all I can be Sometimes what keeps ne from acting so bratty is realizing, shot could always be worst. Lol thankful I found my tax return check, I lost it for a short time! I'm so glad that Abby is going with me today B grateful..for wateva it is u may have. Looking good so far could be better...but it also could be worse Hope the sun is shining on you today. for the small things. Got my grades for this past semester... I didn't do as well as last semester but I'm still A Friday AM alone. Little bit giddy! God bless you &amp; yours My husband &amp; I we aren't really into getting all these expensive things &amp; such but when we do it's always special &amp; we are always God gave me a gift! Or two or three. Well after a stressful night, getting up this morning God knew exactly what I needed and he provided! Thank GOD for allowing my family &amp; I to see another day Makes me more I live this life he gave Me Thanking Jesus for another day! FOR BLESSINGS, I HAVE MANY FOR BLESSINGS, I HAVE MANY There are moments when I am able to step back and see God's guiding and redeeming hand on my life. FOR BLESSINGS, I HAVE MANY Thanking The Lord for waking me up he is awesome!!! My night of sleep was terrible! But at least God woke me up to see another day. I've got friends that got my back at the drop of a hat Love my family, boyfriend, friends, church family, colleagues, life in general. Blessed 2 be able 2 work in the office this morning shoring up sermon &amp; finalizing Sunday services; no worries of persecuation. Gonna have a good day..nothing can stop it cause the good lord blessed me to see another day Tomorrow is never promised, so today I want all my friends and family to know how I am to have you in my life. Thank you Creator for another beautiful day! S/O to for offering to take my math notes for me so I wouldn't have to lefty I am seriously one lucky girl Officially TWO years with &lt;333 I'm so happy this is only the beginning of something GREAT ! =) ! Your love never fails, it never gives up, it never runs out on me. Without a doubt, God's behind everything that's been happening in my family His mom is so sweet. Haaay. Giving God the glory for another morning Thank you! We're humbled to have developed such a great partnership! Here's to the next 10 years! No matter how difficult is, we always have something to be for. Thrive off the positivity that brings. How the hell did I get a B in biology, I really thought I would end up with a D... Love the fact that Lexie and I get to start our weekends on Friday morning with some Bible study time with great ppl! happy almost 28 days baby Make the most of every opportunity you are given. Well finally after 5 months of rehab I am able to fully return to sports! Ready to bask in the sun like my Blessed to see another day! He will.! Good morning ig, hope you all have a safe blessed and prosperous Friday.! Happy Fellowship Friday! I am to all my TweetyPeeps for following! vision is birthing! Today be thankful and think how rich you are....your family is priceless...your time is gold and your health is wealth. for another day! Good Carolina morning y'all. Happy Friday!!! One more round after today's . Reminiscing about my life and thinking how lucky I am If it wasnt for calling me this morning, I woulda been sooooo late for work. It's the what more could you ask for?? The Amazing Spiderman 2 is VERY NICE!! I like your story and effects!! I love your 3D!! Good Morning ! ... &amp; to see another day! There is absolutely nothing like completing a HERO workout and then coming together in prayer after! Got 2 hours sleep but it's a gorgeous day for work! Thank the Lord for another day! A day that was not promised to us. So for Papa John's nights w/ ...don't leave meeee All trees are gone from my parents house &amp; yard. We may have lost the backyard and corner of the roof but we still have the house! Thank God For Another a Day &amp; It's been a great first year at Thank God for Strauss because she's helped me through a lot these passed two years. Coffee mug from they gave when I transitioned into pastoral ministry. Miss you guys! God Is Good I Will Never Forget Him ." So happy you were by my side last night and kept me calm when I see that our growth has created so many opportunities for our own team. When i think about how He turned it around Got a new job yesterday , so I know God watchin out for me! Blessed with another day to get better! Last 8:30 am genetics class ever don't you mean first... When you go to pay an $80 bill and they tell you, you really owe $13 because of insurance Thank you Lord for blessing me with another day i honestly don't know what i'd do without Coconut everyday all day all night! Barstow it's been real! My time out here has expired. All good things come to an end! It was a good run w/ good money. Always comforting to hear your baby's heart beat and hear the doctor say "everything looks great!" :) Happy Friday! It's not happy people who are thankful. It's thankful people who are happy. :D Next week, my life will change forever for the better. 2 hours of sleep &amp; I am still enjoying my day at work. Beyond for a job that I love! Story on the former RB next week. Next week, my life will change forever for the better. Big Thanks to for your donation to Walk a Mile in her shoes. Looking forward to what today has in store. Has the feeling of another great day. Last day of semester for many who have blessed me in more ways than one. Is it really time? Every praise is to our God!!! for life this AM as I am at every moment! I'm thankful that everyone walked away ok! Make every day count! Still Can't believe it's Make every day count! Still Can't believe it's may already!... Life just changed. Got accepted to the US senate page program. I will be living in DC from August to December!!! Many things to be thankful for. Take the time to thank the man above who made it all possible Didn't wake up in the best mood but I'm definitely not gonna act like a lil bitch about it Third row for beauty and the beast last night at Shea's! So amazing Just missed another 5 figure month by $40.. Up about 21k since took me on this amazing trip Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you but simply to say thank you, for all I have. Complaining is easy. We all can do it. But being thankful takes REAL courage. Remember to be today. Big Thanks to for your donation to walk a mile in her shoes. Your donation is greatly appreciated. My grandma was deff looking over them You'll never know, dear, how much I love you. I'm SUPER EXCITED about this month!!!! I have so many great things happening in my life. FINALLY feeling better. So to be able to breathe after 2 weeks of a bad respiratory thing. Slept in, and woke up to brunch prepared and the gas tank filled up by my dad Isn't God good?!?! I think so!! I'M GOING TO BE IN THE MACY'S THANKSGIVING PARADE IN 2015 Home from UE and trinoma =) lakas ng ulan knina =) ang cool lang =) My mother is literally a gift from god! Thank you god for blessing me with my family &amp; my teacher ( learning coach) &amp; &amp; We picked up over 2,000 lbs. of food today from as part of the program! Best uncle award goes to terry for always having my back Remember everyone deployed, R.E.D FRIDAY Man whatever job you have be thankful for it cause things could be worst me Honored to be nominated by Asheville Chamber for Small Business Leader of the year ! God bless the kind soul who gave me a bottle of water this morning I have lots of scars, but each one MADE ME STRONGER!!! Getting this hair did!!!! Yaaay The ebb and flow of life is limitless. Another Job Booked. God Has Really Been Blessing Me. Thank GOD for my gift!!! Woke up still feeling like this! Sun came up, for another day. Gratitude puts you on your path to happiness. My new Colbalt blue dress, I absolutely love it haven't been this happy in a long long time Thank God my case got dismissed !! Our ride as a kid, then now :) Feeling good...Nah I'm feeling Grrreat(Tony Tiger Voice). "Life is easier when you just give thank for what you have instead of compLaining for what you don't have." Like if you're for His I officially got through the hardest semester of my entire life with just barely a 3.4. I'll take it. I'm actually surprised. Hello weekend and 1 more week of my internship. 6 months and 25lbs later, couldn't be happier that introduced me to Gabriel truly is such a great dad Getting my braces off in a week Today life makes me think...love, cherish and spend time with those who you love. Everyday thank God for keeping your family safe. Thank god for my friends PPL are NOT successful because of what they have, but because of what they're able 2do 4others out of a heart! Blessed with another one! Have a great day today, don't forget to smile! Summer is coming. Get fit. Do your body some good. I get to work at one of the premier I Prayed For It &amp; God Blessed Me This Week Field Day with RJ and Woodall Elementary. for our and had a ruff night but a better morning VERY grateful to Boots for going all out today to ensure I don't end up without meds over w/end due to screw up of other pharmacy Friday Selfie...because I'm Happy! vicdawrapdiva Sea-Tac Airport Express Security Lottery Winner! So happy with my life. I love my friends I love my family I love my music. Just love my life and for all there is to come...... Think positive beleive you can do it and you will achieve it had such an amazing time It's so rare you meet a genuinely nice person. I really appreciate those people more than they'll ever know. Count your blessings as others count their troubles Understand Me!!! Focused more day the little one big day Ready! for Another Substitute in Dello Russo's class. Hey your're Following me! Now let's Go! What are you for this Thank you for Following! What are you for this Thank you God for another blessed day. Man, what incredible blessings &amp; are! Thank You Jesus For Another Day. Another gorgeous day where I live. Nice cool breeze, stargazer lillies blooming and their scent perfuming my back yard. for beauty There's only way to soothe my soul. Just another day to be thankful for! ...This family knows how to party! Rich Goade Thanks again for letting me play! Boston Casting) Even when Logan sleeps through his alarm he still calls me to wake me up I was taller than Cassie yesterday. Thanks for once again hosting students 4 Etiquette Lunch Thankful for all of the beautiful people I have in my world. with my boy. to be on 4:14-16 this Sunday at First let us take a selfie. Dang I love my family. It's funny how the most simple things can make or break your mood. steffie keeps me out of jail LIFE IS LIKE A BOX OF CHOCOLATE YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT YOU GONE GET Life is empty without Jesus Just received the best news. Man .....my feelings r indescribable right now !!!! !!!!!!! Words can't explain how grateful I am to have sisters by my side who will do literally anything for me If u are not following da u are missing out because he is &lt;3 :) I can never tell him enough how I am 4 him Well that just helped A LOT!! I get to go home finally today! The peace of God which surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your minds Thank you sweet baby Jesus that was the phone call I needed today. That never ending love is hard to come by these days. Sometimes you have to question them why they really love you so much. We not promised so seriously stop taking it for granted. Woof! These pups are bred, trained &amp; help those who need assistance. You only made me a better person Be blessed for what you have .. Gm twitter have a wonderful day It's s great feeling to be employed before you graduate Picture this. You're life has been on a emotional roller coaster since November 2013. &amp; April 2014 things started to do a 360! Got keep on blessing me IM GONNA EAT THAT CUTE GIRL QHO LET ME IN HER PARKING SPOT'S ASS So I've only been home for summer for 3 days and I've gotten a job and a car How did I get to be so and to own my my time. I have been messaging all morning from my phone after picking up a sick... I have the best photographer in the world... Sis loves me. Thank you for inviting me over. means EVERYTHING So for the new addition to my life! You have given us such Awesomeness during the past week!! The truth is I'll never be ready. I love her so much!! 5 mo and it's been a nice day Today a friend that works in a drive thru killed a spider for me that was on my car. While working the drive thru. It's a lovely day outside, I have good friends, and a good life Pondering anew with our staff and board today. Ah, wind in our sails. Words can't describe how happy I am right now!!! OT here I come!! Little flashback Friday for ya toskaarts So for our donation this week! We have been asked to teach a group from tomorrow! Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you but simply to say thank you, for all I have. Blessed with another day...Make the most of it. You can't get it back S/o to my mom for threatening to kick me out at least 3 times a day and for talking to me like Im a piece of crap. This gives a whole new meaning to my adventures! I can't drink like I used to.... I had some tears of happiness (and sadness at her story) for Laura this morning. is such a great resource. Well, basically. Im just Happy. Very happy. That text from just made my day Feeling a sense of peace as I've received somewhat better results today. I've had some special people praying for me this week I just wanna thank GOD for blessing me &amp; my family with each other! Mannn They Show Me Luv!! I might work crazy hours, but I couldn't get through it without the crazy people I work with. Close enough to the beautiful sunset... On route I don't have much but at least I have a lemon poppy seed muffin Some of the best writers/singers/friends I know. Good afternoon all...if we ask anything according to his will, He hears us. Reunited with one of my favourite people Beachday funday with this stud! Thankfully everyone is alright after running into that birdie I have some great friends For whom the Lord loves, he chastens, and scourges every son whom he receives. I'm soo blessed with the life I have I've seen God is so many places today! And it's only 1pm! i am for friends like you!! thanks for being there for me Man I am so thankful for my baby girl all the things we been though we are blessed wow I wanna cry believe in your prayers I AM for angelic guidance. Angels help us constantly and are with us always. Today is a blessed day bc I woke up feeling great Being truly makes us infinitely more resourceful. By sincerely what we have, we find new &amp; valuable ways for its use God always puts the people you need the most into your life God has been good to me! Took first in regionals and I'm officially heading to state next week!!! Come to Florida they said, it's sunny and beautiful they said..haha just kidding I miss the rain!!! Great Day At Skool :) Every struggle in your life has shaped you into the person you are today Quite possibly the cutest ever thursdsy honestly I don't know how I found your podcast just I did Special thank you for fresh fruits and veggies for our families! LOVE having healthy snacks. I'd like to take this moment to thank Rusty for forcing us to become friends GM Lockport Women in Manufacturing made tomorrow possible: It's a good day to be alive. God was just totally faithful during that exam Can't believe it's only been 10 months with this boy. I feel like I've known him all my life Greatest thing I've heard all day! finally gonna take my professors advice and apply for AmeriCrops Such a beautiful day today! Hearing back from 3 different jobs so far, makes for one happy girl! God when you close a door you open another ' it's a rock, the same rock that's over there ' - Leon Ruddy &amp; helped me calm down &amp; relax about it.. Everything will be okay &amp; it will work out for the best. Days like today make you want to hug the ones you love a little tighter. Today's been good, and getting better May 2: might seem a little "much", but I'm for my After almost 3 years, she is In Denver for 16, and the view from our hotel room doesn't get any better than this! Today is a great day! The bass in my car is fye lmao or it's just this new phone? Blessed more than I deserve I wish there was a way I could see who did itt One look at and it has me falling in love with my chapter all over again Things could have turned out so differently, if you find that funny you're in no better position then John. To the league of extrordinary gentleman I salute you. great to have Sometimes, the Now we have a ton of little New card delivery just arrived! New card delivery just arrived! Great music and great company with my lil nios! I cried, laughed, cried again and saw so much of me in this. This was the sermon I needed!! Thanks to all the people who watched my Arashi video! mr. Mac &amp; mr. Wendelin have honestly got me through this past month Friday Bluegrass Hymn Binge while generating leads! Yeehaw!! I thank God that although I'm not where I may wanna be I'm so glad I'm not where I used to be! We are so to be a recipient of a grant from The Western Reserve Health Foundation! GOD blessed me with a BIG heart, it's just in me ....that's why the blessings keep pouring i hav THEE gr8st man God is gud 2 those dat luv Him. I'm undeserving but 23 He's given me everythin I've asked 4 &amp; more. So thankful for my brothers field day!! Needed to get out early!! All of the hard times in my life was well worth for what my life is like now. I knew something was wrong today.. to have had four wonderful years at the Harvard Foundation. After 25 miles of the e light on and no gas stations around, this is the best sight ever! Let's see your work ! If we didn't have the internet do yu know how much i would have to try just to pass classes Once again God blesses me with a refund! A simple way to be thankful is by remembering where we can from S/o to for being the best coworker ever and so pretty :) and doing all my blood work today I seriously have the best church and friends He may not cone when u want him but he'll be there rite in time!! yes he is!! Few things on earth allow me to appreciate the impact of like having to debug somebody's shitty custom CMS for 2 hours. I'm just me &amp; I can't help if anyone doesn't accept me. God loves &amp; accepts me, that's all that matters! Class speaker made me realize just how many times God's had my back when I've made life choices that could have gone really wrong My beautiful niece Emmarose :) Yay! Its a Happy Friday!#bookings the bad news about funerals is that they remind us how short life is; the good news isthe same thing for the of Love that my first love will be my only and last love I'm home .. Yes, I'm home already ... yay!!! Thank you Lord i survived for this week. See you "work" on Monday!!! Without the Grace of God who knows where I would be I got the job! God always on time God answers prayers. Be patient. Everything comes at the right time. Hangin with my mom in Germany. less than 4 hours! Best surprise ever! More than flowers this little safe haven of a house has provided shelter from life's storms literal &amp; otherwise. What a great weekend !!!! Don't let any negative stop your positivity. &amp; be humble. beyond &amp; for my family, friends &amp; support love to see leaders who care leading the way into Arizona's great future! My little brother always comes in clutch "A humble mind is the soil out of which thanks naturally grow." Henry Ward Beecher What are you for today? Gained a lot of learnings today. More to come! :) So far, it looks like my dogs test results are very promising, she is cancer free and we will know for sure next week!!!!!! Being put on call on a gorgeous day means a play date with my Mac! I got the Bryan SOAR Leader job for the summer and I kicked business calc in the butt! Hard work does pay off of a day in a stunningly charming place. It's funny how God answers your prayer, just not on the way you expected. This is why I'm so &amp; Methodist Hospital Everything happens for a reason. Through all of my layoffs and struggles, now I can finally start a career at Sulzer Nuclear. Live isn't about the gifts, the dates, ect. It's about how someone can make you happy in a way no one else can. Showed up to work to a surprise party full of my kiddos and came home to a surprise party full of family. Believing and thanking for the Praise Him in advance. Believe in the impossible because in Him anything is possible! First day at Kinders went good! Art installation downtown, in memory for those who have served on Afghanistan I got loyal ahh friends. Grant submitted! Now on to the LOI! If he reaches adulthood ... He will be lucky. There are worse things to be looking out on from home They don't come any more precious than both of my high school student helpers. So blessed to have such great friends Great day exploring monuments in DC &amp; remembering all the brave men &amp; women who fought for our freedom! It's no coincidence meeting someone who literally lives on the same floor as you that moved here for the same reason People playing their country music want people around them to know they're listening to country music. At the pool next to us. Another acceptance and scholarship awarded from the first tee Dreams do come true, you just have to have the patience to wait Prayers answered: my bubby is all good! He'll be back playing ball in 2 weeks! GOD IS SO GOOD What are you for on this beautiful day in The man working at Home Depot just helped me load my truck said, "your the happiest person I've me" and thanked me. Good things come to those who wait. Global meeting conference went surprisingly well. Definitely room for internal growth. dumb excited to do this interview at 5, wish me luck say a prayer for me y'all. Life is just good today! My favorite spot in our backyard. sometimes I hate myself and then I realize I'm not her Wow!!! I love my life &amp; job!! Great concert tonight!! Feeling Blessed! Flowers sent to my house from my bosses! So i may with such and people Those type of friends who will hang up your clothes and/or wash your dishes just because!!! I'm so blessed to have breaks like this! 28 months with my love. Ms. Freshly almost just ran over me in the Walmart parking lot but she allowed me to live another day. While it's difficult seeing my Grandma not doing well, I'm glad I got to spend time with her today. I have a really good life . Life is supposed to be enjoyable and a blessing. I refuse to be anything other than happy My favorite little girl crawling on the steps... It's a beautiful day for a long walk with Rex!! Would never have done it without help from my second family finally moving on Thursday God knows I've waited for this day Thank Jah for the day All the ppl I "chose" have been no good. I've let God take control and the ppl that I have behind me are "My life isn't perfect, but I'm very for everything I have." So thankful for the changes made in my life since he showed up 6 months ago Thank you god gnising mo ko :) I was prom king 5 years running. It's alright tho, mommy paid for everything. Ayyyee looks like my internship at the hospital might be happening!! He had a subdermal hematoma. Not anymore! The surgeon drained the blood &amp; said he'll start to improve soon. Good Morning Ilocos. :D. Pamulinawen Hotel When I close my eyes and quiet my soul to hear God's voice, I get to see the light brushstrokes of His Artistry in me. I've had such a nice day today Today has been the most productive day in a long time. Thanks for the audio suggestion! You're right, audio out there to help us understand what we have our hands on! Dinner is served! Thanks to all who are helping us celebrate 10 years! Thank God I have a best friend who comes to the rescue when my date bails on me So this leaving Tuscaloosa thing is pretty tough. Gonna miss the amazing people I've met here, but on to the next chapter in life. my brother makes me laugh even during the toughest times. I have about 18 hours and 50 min of flight time back to the US and a fist full of Xanax to help. Because the God who made this also made me! Today I met w/ another alum. We shared our experiences...hers w/ cancer, mine w/ stroke. They restored our hope! Babe is driving me everywhere I'm so blessed.. a lot of people don't got what I got and don't/can't do what I do. "This is the day the LORD has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it." -Psalm 118:24 Found a pair of shorts...been looking for them for over two years...it's the small things in life. Our Ss were such an encouragement to this educator today, but they usually are! Should I not be a servant? Didn't make it to finals but I made it to conference in both my events and reached my goal. Couldn't be happier :) To the student that brought me a dozen sugar cookies for "teacher day", you made my Friday! Thank god my boyfriend is my best friend. He's never fake toward me and he's always there for me. I'm pretty proud of my achievements for this half term :D Of all the things I'm happy about in life, I'm just happy that my parents love me and I live a very comfortable life. So for the most amazing week in The Cove The Sometimes you just need to appreciate what you have and not what you don't have You never know God is all you need until God is all you have. Crazy how random people come into your life &amp; tell you exactly what you need to hear. So no more OT, God blessed me! Alhamdulilah for some of the friends I have. It's hard to find people who don't have a hidden agenda or another face these days Blessed to continue living big dreams. Drawin a landscape piece n sending it 2 as a thanks! All never ending winter long I waited for the day flowers would be in the house again. I have such great co-workers! Casually started bawling while reading and 's letters.. I have the best family and best friends If every stressful week ended with mustaches and tequila, I'd be ok. "We Got Our Keys" and we're so excited!!! Been Patiently Waiting for this Day!!! Woof! These pups are bred, trained &amp; help those who need assistance. 