Just aged my face online. Feel like I actually look way too good for the older ages My roommate likes Ash from Pokemon so she's googling his shirtless pictures. Planet lollipops.. so someone can literally lick Uranus Just got off work and my one of my managers asked if I want to smoke with her! but yet I said yea haha New snapchat is stupid! Don't like it at all Tweeting from my dionosaur phone New snapchat is as big of a change of iOS7 In Sverdrup for the first time ever Old Marriage License Reminds Us That 28 Was Once Spinsterhood May Is Going To Be One Sexy Month Feeling like the minorities when we are at a Chinese restaurant So I'm watching sending a potato into space. Today has officially gone Hate hate hate when the duvet is the wrong way and the side with the buttons are near your face Gonna have to get used to the new snapchat.. Once I sit down after playing football especially on astro my feet feel like I have tetnus once I stand back up Lmao there is a breast pillow.. I suppose some fonts make it look a bit better, but it's the curves of 2, mixed with the straight lines of 9 that annoy me. Who wants to get &amp; on the new snapchat?! Mmmmm bae let me twerk on dem lips lol Christmas music playing at the Starbucks at the mall..... call me dumb but I have no idea how to work this new snapchat Officially done with classes forever IM DONE! Officially summer and a sophomore laid in bed and all I want is a fried egg Some random guy just drop a snow blower on my lawn and walket away...I don't know how I feel about this Almost 3 weeks postpartum and still have a super smelling nose &amp; nausea! We are to be that's why we never more than when we're being While sitting in class today all I could think about is how weird the word "teach" is..Teach teach teach.. Everyone's going to be on snapchat all night tonight Wtf is this snapchat update Taking a snapchat... Only to see in the background....... Gab just told me she has dance Just sending pics to someone you don't know ?! Smh some people always want more lol I feel heartbroken and defeated and yet I can't stop laughing at how stupid this is Someone changed the order of the Twinkie Town articles and it wasn't me? So who snuck into my house and recorded the information channel on My dad heard an song and described her perfectly without ever seeing what she looks like Why Would A Gay Teenager Commit Hate Crimes Against Herself?#lgbt Just realized that the guys who created Krave and Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal must be cannibalists in real life Just live video chatted with in snapchat. If you want to hate yourself just check out your own FB from 2009. Or, maybe don't. why do 30 seconds to mars songs keep getting stuck in my head? The UK, once a force of world power, is now destined to... Pay less on &amp; Services , , Fantastic $5 deals, I feel like my wrestlers sitting here with me sweatshirt inside out. It's super weird that my cousins' have kids who are in college and stuff and I babysat as babies Why has your name been coming up in all of my convos lately? In physics with little trains and coffee That is the only appropriate way for this game to have ended Sayang being weird.....again!! XD hahaha!! Not even tired, I don't know what was in that delicious cake which I had 10 hours ago, lol. The elephants are in Pearl District Poking nowadays on Facebook has so many more meanings than what it originally did Ash St Saloon in downtown The kind of hell I'd like to find myself in They updated snapchat, I don't know if I like it. For some reason this intrigues me - I've lost my face. gonna actually study then sleep earlier than I normally do Alright little lady, cool it with the in utero acrobatics. I literally have ZERO ulterior motives. So why do I feel so nervous? Having solved all crimes, cops now decide to harass... It is damn fking easy to replace the old one than hold on to the same one. InfoWeb Gus Masons Lament 01:59 "15 things you must do before you graduate. - -one of these is a pic of ndsu blue key! So about the weather tonight. I have my mom on snapchat This one doesn't have a battery so had to turn it off at the mains. Not beeping now. Why do I spend my free time remixing every song on shuffle to opera style when I sing it?? Being normal is so boring. :) Car Thief Tried to Steal Judges Car Well, that was the best/worst dream ever. I like to sleep with the AC on and 20 warm blankets... because it evens out ha ha. why were you in sinkys car? hurting you is my best way to show how much i love you ;) Walrus earrings gotta love em Of course I can't sleep. So what do I do? Decided to do some crunches and leg lifts. Lol We tweeted about each other at the same time... oh you don't like you're own game? Much better than their quality cheese product. Florida mistakenly executes two inmates after a gas... There are certain stage names that are just asking for... We tweeted about each other at the same time... know what that means I'm soooo sad about leaving school and at this exact time last year I was soooo sad about leaving school. Last night at SNHU. Ever. dude I was gonna tweet this. To all the people who've said me and my brother look alike and I said no we don't, I'm sorry For some reason I've just been wanting to listen to straight rock This just may be my new fav ice cream It's weird that my ex has talked to two other girls I used to talk to. do you ppl know samantha fox.. touch me?... why get excited if you don't know her? Warmed up some veggies I had at TR earlier Both cats wanted to see what I had Jazzi scoffed walked off. Tobi likes broccoli emojis show up on twitter on the computer now Just had the awkward moment followed by the most promising moment. Weird commercials you see at night: info on how to sue if you are a male who has developed breasts ... New month, new me. My birth month!!!! Gemini# We all had that one moment,when u wanted to scream a random weird noise!! lol "Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." A lil weird.. But thanx for the photo. Lol I miss hearing you snore over skype. :\ Im a batman girl in a batman world this table is like a weird poker game I will raise u an E reader&amp;iphone4s a will see yours &amp; raise u a iPhone 5&amp;galaxy S4 why are you speaking my mind lately?? ....but go Wild. Arizona fruit punch tastes like foot-long berries Dreamt I was standing in a massive line for the chip shop and it was diamond dallas page who was serving :/ New feather mattress topper = room smells like poultry. how come everytime someone gets on my insta they end up on profile and keep telling me how hot she is... I don't read omg as O-M-G I read it as Oh My God Do weird with winnywonnie kkk stop in#LAX!!! On to some place I've never been before... Then Geez!! I need to The weirdest people screen shotted my snap chats today Eww why does she follow my cousin A pig like that, you don't eat all at once [Cool] I wonder if dreams mean anything ! Humm.... The dreams I do be having lately are I just threw an ice cube is my milk My obsession with water is all to real now. lol Watching porno with a group of people. Never once did I imagine my life at this point. When I'm drunk I really do weird things... Why the hell I take 's selfie?????!!!!!!! I really want to meet myself from someone else's point of view. Still trying to get used to the fact that I no longer have a toe nail on my right, big toe.. thanks for the live tweets. For some reason they just now showed up in my timeline. U r blessed that it doesn't fly, once I did it and I had to buy a new one for me.. LOL PLEASE JUST IGNORE MY UGLY FACE! Go all the way to New Zealand....bump into the lads from Fenwick! just saw a woman who shaved off her eyebrows and has draw new ones on?? She looks permanently surprised ^~^ tbh i cant for my bro to be back I'm in bed before Shelby. The phone case thats your or hand sanitiser too! i didnt know people are ticklish from their ass only you would know Something weird... when I wake up with 0 messages on whatsapp... even on groups! lmao this is why i am single The phone case thats your or hand sanitiser too! I had the most mental dreams last night... In one of them one of my friends was a kleptomaniac and kept stealing my stuff Looking through old Instagram pictures and some of them don't even look like me When people at the gym find you on Instagram..... have frenz around but they r hehehe Anomaly In Nature - Two Headed Turtle Your Arent Deceiving YouThese Are Real || Why do I get different routes when I just reverse starting point and destination on It's not abot one-way streets. My parents don't drink but true had some lunch with a total stranger Is it true Kevin Spacey from House of Cards will appear in the next Call of Duty? Have woken up topless?? went to sleep fully clothed and now missing my top... its just screwed up at the bottom of the bed. It is until you see that video but like I said this doesn't add up a chicken named Gloria and a lizard named Bob? The ability to feel angry, depressed and happy simultaneously is intriguing Helen from bridesmaids has a thick Australian accent.. "How do i use Google" has 1k monthly searches on GOOGLE...XD. More at: via If I look left it's a lovely day, If I look right it's rainy and horrible. doesnt put hot sauce on his porkchop Is there some kind of rule that says that artists must have their own fragrance at some point in their career? Is this a trend? The Brutal Yet Refined Art of Boat Jousting Walter Mitty .... Thats me that is ? Welcome aliens! YouTube account's 77,000 mysterious videos Not going out this weekend... Doesn't even feel like I'm out of town. Just seen a woman walking her cat Do u know that we were born on the same day? thought id asked considering u asked "did I even meet you" The Alarms go off in a very unique way at the hospital. It is against the law to dream about another mans wife or cow. (Florida) Idk how to read malaysia $ Scientists Discovered the Egyptian Secret to Moving Huge Pyramid Stones 19th-Century Circus Train Crash Mystery: Where's the Animal Graveyard? Coming soon: a brain implant to restore memory Mummified remains of ancient Egyptian royals found in burial site The slow death of purposeless walking InfoWeb Gus Masons Lament 05:00 Mucho paverio del bueno ayer por la noche. Falling asleep at 5am should be fun tomrw...3 months ago this was my wake up time. Patient Artist Creates Detailed Star Wars Art with Thousands of Staples I keep farting on this big guy at work. I'm beginning to think that he enjoys it. Alex just ate a WHOLE packet of turkey for BREAKFAST so, you've stolen a monkey, what the flip do you do with it now?! Car Thief Tried to Steal Judges Car Checking on that noise from my adjustables..... Well that dream has my heart racing very fast. Don't like this feeling. weird dream. Timothy Frederick Knight Allegedly Stole Car To Attend Court Hearing About Stealing A Car Just heard a bird quack and it sounds like its trumping Riding high: construction worker builds a bike elevator for his tree house via Y shd makemytrip know abt my annual income for their customer feedback survey?? Seriously, y??? It's Just is out! Stories via My laptop battery is at 25% and my phone battery is at 75% Timothy Frederick Knight Allegedly Stole Car To Attend Court Hearing About Stealing A Car Is the Actually A Naga? Timothy Frederick Knight Allegedly Stole Car To Attend Court Hearing About Stealing A Car Why has my tweet posted today &amp; not yesterday!! I could write books about my dreams. They're so detailed Just seen eat a whole pepper like u would an apple! I seem to write better when I'm depressed... 22 Of The Weirdest and Most Unexplainable Pictures Ever 22 Of The Weirdest and Most Unexplainable Pictures Ever I actually think I was laughing last night in my sleep and I can't remember the dream but it was something to do with I mixed bleach and ammonia in my dream (honest mistake, happens easier than thought) and I wake up immediately and my eyes kill Excuse ma'am, don't touch my man... He's gay, you don't have a dick, and he's mine Jupiter's moon Ganymede may harbor 'club sandwich' of oceans and ice MN teen and Columbine fanboy arrested a week before... is it just me or am I the only concerned one Wtf!!! is going on here shit tho Why do I keep chanting Chenoweth around school? Thursday was a holiday in Berlin but not Friday; Thurs felt like Sat/Sun and now Fri feels like Mon but the weekend is still coming. Last ever university assignment handed in, so glad to see the back of it as well. 3 exams to go and I've finished on the 19th of May Woke up nd looked right next to me wishing there was someone to hug . :-\ really this is so childish Korean baseball umpire assaulted by fan from 'Surprise Zone': By Narae Kim SEOUL (Reuters) - A Sou... I can see it on my laptop, not on my iPad. WWI Centennial: French Finalize War Plan with Fatal Flaws Tile 80 let it get is this a ? like a Me me tiger woods got turrrrnt the fuxk up on his yacht last night in my dream news is out! Stories via ICYMI Telegrams Elapsing is now available from 3 nights in a row I've been waking up at 3:38am on the dot... 0_o? No alarm clock, or anything? Haha speak of the devil Old pic, like from different life Side of Irony? Meal Sickens People at Food Safety Summit Stars naked on social - Cosmopolitan Car Thief Tried to Steal Judges Car Sorry haven't posted in a while Go out for drinks last night, have a pretty good time &amp; yet some how I am awake at 6:30am for no reason! Wide awake &amp; ready to go lol Had 3 hrs sleep last night, stayed up till 2am doing my science assignment the night before and I felt more awake than ever I'm actually very awake for this morning practice my normal text messg service was not working today around lunchtime for an hour. What are the odds that all 3 of us wake up at the 5 am thirsty... Time to eat!! Wide awake!! Matthew didn't even wake me up this time either!! gettingusedtoit Weird face for no obvious reason woo~ Sorting through papers from 19-20 yrs ago and came across a bunch of "songs" I wrote. I was a different person back then... Can't believe how much your ears play a part in your balance, I have an ear infection and I feel all over the place Duno why i bought 10 jager bombs to spend on card instead of just a drink n pay with cash Save money! Latest deals on &amp; Services , , Buy now for only ! Actually Autocorrect, that's not what I was about to say... When I he stuck the needle in when I got my nose pierced, I sucked in a sharp breath and my lip starting shaking. Hehe. Just blocked 3 followers because they want me to buy followers. Anyone else think that's just weird? I don't need to buy people. How far can you make go? You can get &amp; Services , , See $5 deals now! that pain where scratching it makes it all better Just realized this is my last Friday in high school The conversations i hear on the bus this morning 24 crazy things about the NYC subway...Love it or hate it, it's pretty interesting: I would love it if these dreams would to stop! are these the ones you had that sick dream about the other night? Abstract painting w/Black &amp; White feathers SIREN by MisfitMakings via How do ya operate this new snap chat anyways??! 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; I just realized last night, that my track season as a freshman started out cold and last night ended cold. China: Freight truck pushes car forward 500 metres got my off and it feels so 22 Of The Weirdest and Most Unexplainable Pictures Ever Squirrel goes nuts on Maine teen taking 'selfie' - Times-Standard It seems the builders outside converse only in barks and meows. Haven't heard any words, only very convincing animals impressions... I ditch twitter for more than 2 months and i'm back now, but seem like my followers vanished as well! The printer just started printing a bunch if papers and no one was even in the room. I know I should become cold and heartless but the more hurt I get the more kind I am.... Going for 2, 2 hour lectures for the first time in ages will be asleep by the second hour Why put a spoiler on your truck...? but i see you're ok with usher performing there and steal the kings spotlight! That's In less than 5 hours this will all be over Talked to my daughter on the phone today. It was like talking to myself. So I took this picture. Humans Able To Sniff Out Opposite Sex, New Study Shows is coming home from work as I'm leaving for work probably cos your legs aren't used to doing nothing for 4 days. Same as when having a day off work &amp; feeling more tired?? but the Libs also preventing super contributions getting to a level where we could live without a pension. Sorry bro but it's very funny hahaha fahem_helmi ^^ Been at this gym for 5 and a half years and this is the first time I've been here before 8am Watching a movie on channel one when I realise I am friends with the kid perving on the neighbour sunbathing I'm on this kick where I dress to be comfy: jeans sweatshirt, messy bun and minimal make-up and I feel skinny and pretty! My daughter said she is frightened by me!!! Because I am weird!!! Lmao I had a dream I turned into a lesbian and my cat was my best friend...... thanks! The bookstore next to me doesn't carry any housewives books. I'll order it. I'm sorry, but posting pictures of your 17YO daughter getting a tattoo is kind of creepy. I don't care about the tat, but pics while? Want you to make me feel like I'm the only boy in the world !?! That's a new twist on the Nest shoe picture ever lol Europe-wide hunt after rare monkeys stolen from British zoo: LONDON (Reuters) - British police la... Odd News: Europe-wide hunt after rare monkeys stolen from British zoo: LONDON (Reuters) - British... Europe-wide hunt after rare monkeys stolen from British zoo Missing him a lot today X_x .. To think he abuses me everyday and now I'm feeling sad coz I miss him ?? ? Unknown to me,I walked down grafton street and further on with my bag wide open purse on show. It wasn't taken? I've had this cold past couple days &amp; all I want are cherries. I hardly ever eat cherries? Let me get a pack of magnums... 31 Horrifying Problems Only People From The Isle Of Man Will Understand We choose how we see people. When we don't like them we're focused on their faults. While we tolerate the people we like. It's been 2 days since I finished Allegiant. I'm still so sad because of how it ended. Do I have a problem? I work better when I'm pissed, especially on tests... idky but im in the mood to study That moment when Michael Jackson wrote a new song and he's been dead for 5 years. We know it's not beautiful at all but... I just cried at the colemans shepherd's pie ad!!! On a treadmill!! Freakin Friday - ...no comment Although! The bar doesn't have tap water? x Photo: Gettin crazeeh with this little gurl Had a crazy dream lastnight about somebody l haven't seen since we graduated .... Facebook Wants To Know Why You're Sharing This Bogus Obamacare Story I'm wearing a skirt today After a tornado the clouds do this. That's pretty and at the sametime I woke up topless.. Don't know how it happened. And I wasn't even drunk last night. Iv Only had an apple to eat today Following on Instagram is probably the weirdest and strangest thing yet extremely amusing! Just a normal dude y'know. It's not a surprise that Angelo is in the hotel as us.... Genuinely puzzled by selfies. What possible pleasure could you derive sitting around taking endless pictures of yourself on a phone? Is it bad I'm looking forward to 2nd period aka Algebra 2? Aparently I've been on Twitter for four years today. I actually look my best first thing in the morning... Morning glow Just remembered this. For some strange reason the Arabs like to leave all the plastic wrapping in their cars I've seen probably 10 fedex trucks in the last 5 mins...something's going downnnn I thought waking up at 9 was gonna be a problem, but I woke up at 8 by myself Last ever official lesson next... So got some bloke from some arthritous company here demonstrateing some vibrating seat cover thing. Its very loud on her chair. Every morning my body wakes me up at 8am. It never fails In 2035 will why the has such a Another night of totally random dreams. Produced my own video of "The Walker" by Fitz and the Tantrums and also led a cattle drive. Miley Cyrus' Bondage-Themed Tour Video Is The Stuff Nightmares Are Made Of Zoo loses four animals to flooding. Two Patagonian Cavys... Fertility doctor is being accused of getting to know his... I have no idea why I find this hilarious... Why does it feel like a Monday morning to me ? I don't even remember falling asleep. I only remember waking up this morning with my pants off Friday with a twist of Monday Miley Cyrus' Bondage-Themed Tour Video Is The Stuff Nightmares Are Made Of NASA Spacesuit Design Challenge Winner Looks Like Something Out Of 'Tron' Is that fucked up dream a sign I shouldn't get a full night's sleep? I really enjoyed getting 8 hours, but that dream is not worth it Uhmm okay? My sister is now watching Frozen. Hahaha Awe-inspiring homes and buildings made out of old airplanes - &amp; slightly too :) Richard Nixon was the first president to visit all 50 states. NASA Spacesuit Design Challenge Winner Looks Like Something Out Of 'Tron' I had a dream that came to Quaker while I was working and refused to leave until I took him to Waffle House.... that's not considering we've only have 50 states since 1959... Artist Inserts Cats Into Famous Classical Paintings, And The World Is Right Again Whenever you're around....everyone goes on hush mode...idk why, just happens that way so unintentionally. Artist Inserts Cats Into Famous Classical Paintings, And The World Is Right Again I still don't feel like I'm in Alabama. Or doing my internship. I'm more bappy about us winning against Bayern than I was happy when we won against Barca Wait, but your bf is still texting his ex girlfriend saying how much he misses their sex Wait, your bf is going to strip clubs with his bestfriend without u even knowing What? Our grad party is today? But I was just at my freshman serenades like two months ago.... || It's Friday, let's get weird || c/o ||#ootd || It's Friday, let's get weird || c/o ||#ootd Wait, your boyfriend texts his ex almost everyday Wait, you didnt know that? Wait, your bf doesn't let u see his phone? Do you know the feeling when you're nose feels so cold.. Grilled Cheese Sandwiches Are Being Delivered By Parachute, And We Couldn't Be Happier 22 Of The Weirdest and Most Unexplainable Pictures Ever I remember when I had that dream I was driving a black sports car and the make of it was Adidas. Anytime u feel like turning cannibalistic, drop into the canteen at the SlaveHouse. Seems like just yesterday I was moving to Omaha. Now in moving away. These spanish tests are like in a different language or something On our walk to Tim's thismorning and I saw some seagulls doin the dirty in the field. Had a dream last night that I went to &amp; it took an hour to make a chili cheese donut &amp; was pissed. Lol yes! It just automatically updated -1xIn (-141-1+?) this is my math name Seat belt organizer: Because if you're in a car accident, you'll want a pen right by your neck. Sometimes I want to disappear in the place I'm living. I love the smell of mulch... Does that make me or Hah I hope not :) it's just a good smell is all This girl always follows me then unfollows me then follows me again So this kid left his notebook and water bottle on his desk but took his whole book bag to the bathroom Just been told I look a bit like a female version of Leonardo DiCaprio w Found this beaut of a picture!.. Why do snapchat messages delete? I got my new ID card. My eyes say "I'm gonna kill you" Last day at GFU...Going home today! The luckiest man ever (#Video) Just walked into my last ever undergraduate class : Trippy pics and for your mental stimulation This is what my mom just texted me... What is up with 's swim suits this year? Cases, Gary Slapper, Wildy, Simmonds and Publishing When people call me 'fit' when Im at work it isn't even a compliment that i now have to mouse w my left hand... carpal tunnel Seriously? Why are you singing in the work bathroom? as if there been a study ha I've been informed that mismatched chairs is all the rage. I don't get it. But ok. Starting to get worried because the moment I wake up I get a text from Alyssa saying "just woke up" I had the weirdest dream last night. I won 350,000 at the casino and something bad happened to lol I like the firemans parade it's loud but I like it lol Is it that the zamboni driver notices my toenails? Oh, and I watched all of the 7 part JoJo OVA that got made in 2000. You know, the one that's a prequel to the 1993 six part OVA. I always forget that my older brothers have kids. Maybe because Ive never met them before. Like Im an Aunt lol Why does Panera open at 6 am? Don't want to leave, but can't wait to go home. I got a salt walter pool put in a few years ago and I really enjoy keeping ours as clean/balanced as possible too lol The Daily Show Takes on Bill O'Reilly's Weird Beyonc Obsession - Jezebel Is it that I find organizing my cabinet very soothing? That moment your dad starts wearing the same cologne as an ex of yours. I never knew that people go to malls to work out. Literally power-walking laps around the mall. Gym hear, headphones, and everything Birthday greeting was meant for I have no idea why Twitter mentioned someone else. Why am I so hungry? I've had 2 chicken fillets, half a plate of cabbage, 4 slices of watermelon &amp; 4 glasses of wine Never gets more uncomfortable when the security guard winks and asks if he can come pick up your friend with you I went to bed not wearing a sweatshirt but I woke up wearing a sweatshirt I didn't even know I owned Weird people coming to the garage sale today. One guy asks of we're selling pocket knives or ammo and another wants fish. what is this? bedtime confessions with and time ? Every time I hear the Right crying out about justice for I keep thinking they mean hold the actual *attackers* responsible. Whale washes up in New Jersey, gets graffiti tag: ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) A dead Minke whale th... Do you think male vampires are the only guys who look forward to girls having their periods? I still haven't walked up the steps that I fell and broke my leg on, but I am wearing the shoes I was wearing when it happened... I had a in the morning. I was minding my business when drake just started playing Had the weirdest dream but if felt so real!! In my dream last night i met and he taught me how to play 'Happy' on the piano Where to find the most unusual food festivals in the world I usually never like guys with brown eyes.. 21 Things You Might Not Know About 'Blue Velvet' I've dreamt about the same people for like the past 5 days Monday I officially become an alum and I move home in two weeks... Overheard: 3 young Arab girls in abayas practicing saying "damn girl" with an American accent. Never have to sit through another class on this campus again I've literally done all the work available and don't finish til 5 so my manager has told me to go on snapchat for an hour Is my freshman year of college really over? I feel like I am in the twilight zone How can you not like movies? I don't like taking a shit &amp; being on twitter. I always feel like people can see me weird ass nigga lol Because I'm an OL, people are saying yes ma'am to me. I wish I liked cottage cheese but I just can't bring myself to do it.....and its a big deal up here. thanks for this weirdo photo games vanjesi_ hahaha Start the day off right with a little My last class period of my freshman year is about to start.... I'm not sure if downloading the new snap chat was a good idea... One of the deputy heads was humming "Air Hostess" earlier, it got stuck in my head, and now an actual air hostess just got on the bus My snapchat just updated and it is really different! What a weird day I've had so far....I hope it turns around. You two look wayyyyy too much alike to be dating. This time tomorrow I will be graduating! My lip is swollen all of a sudden wtf!! Hey all you cuties, like me on Facebook! The woman working in my apartment complex's office is always listening to Metallica when I go to pay rent. "Interesting Websites to Visit When Youre Bored" Awwww me and chunk are on the swings and outta no where he says "Devon when I die will you miss me?" and omg you were both in my dream last night and i woke up thinking how Cara's 18 in a few months! Why would you name your business kegel produce? But why are and I the absolute same person? I saw this last night after work. I kinda want it. Lol Weirdest condom wrapper I've ever seen :')#safe The last 3 days at work we've inspected 31 cars each day... Can hear scary ice cream van music on my road, haven't heard that in a while, and it's raining outside!!! A week from today I will be home for summer! How the hell did my go from 80 at 1am to 121 at 10am? never happens. I'm on google.. literally. type my name and theres pictures of me-_- Really don't understand this film. I got a little with my That awkward moment when a cute boy caught me checking him out.. On campus on a Friday. When my friends snapchat me pictures of my sister teaching their English class &gt;&gt;&gt; I had a dream last night that I was proposed to..... This Man Proves You're Never Too Old To Learn New Moves Because of that guy I think of him, like the old times. Damn! BWUHAHAHHAA! 17 Things Only A Dude With A Small Penis Says I'm craving chinese and waffles If you drop a tarantula it will shatter. but This Man Proves You're Never Too Old To Learn New Moves 17 Things Only A Dude With A Small Penis Says Hello weird poodle thing! Do you think he looks happy? did I really just walk out of my last class as a college junior.....? I've never heard a student complain in class at the professor before that he couldn't access the classes online site on his iPad... Estevan has been sleeping forever doe Because being ordinary is just plain boring! "Some say that Im because I make thats relatable in other BUT thats because they dont Study" ~ I don't know how I feel about this new snapchat! In a meeting with our schools whole fucking pep band Sweetcorn relish on a sandwich. Virgin trains need to be told that is not an acceptable sandwich topping This is my last math class ever!! Ten Days in a Madhouse: The Woman Who Got Herself Committed I only ever lose my left sock in bed. one thing that's weird is using the word oppa....how the hell are you gonna call your brother the same thing you call your bf Whale washes up in New Jersey, gets graffiti tag - Glens Falls Post-Star Craving Bentleys chicken and fries " I like the color scheme of your underwear." I never would have expected to meet my boyfriend of two years in Mrs.Tonpalads class My dream from last night actually happened today The girl in front of me in class is currently Facebook stalking uhhhhhh Am I the only one who thinks that couples sharing social network accounts is awkwardddd? So my phone clearly wants to stay in Ohio....not sure why the time still hasn't changed? ALL THE DAY'S WILDEST STORIES I wanna some people on Where are you?! He must know I'm leaving soon! haha Because i'm Eyebags (happy) clap along :) :D standing outside Al's house while people roof it waiting for her James ate two burritos, a taco, and a tamale in five minutes. Now he don't feel good. I keep having the strangest dreams and only remember them hours later She will literally sit in the sun till she's a cooked sausage I always notice the time at 11:34. I just stood up for myself to my mom.. Hero Cats Save Their Owners' Lives Why are you acting like that? Feeling ko naman wala akong responsibility sayo. Sorry Town unveils $8,000 statue of local feline celebrity. Cat ladies nod in approval. Liked someones ig picture and was the 111 like and then something retweeted on twitter poped up on my phone hah I hate when people say "excuse me, I don't wanna sound weird..." And then sound totally fuckin weird. Has any one ever heard of a chronosaurus Please don't slap your girlfriend's ass in public When I Saw What This Kid Said About the First Amendment, I Had to Sit Down, Then Stand Right...: When I... Strangest place to eat ever! American themed diner in the middle of french country side Considering that you "follow" people on Twitter and Tumblr, aren't we just trying to build mini-cults centered on our own gospel? Just finished my latest, "Funicular Situation." Very excited to it later this month on On my way to my last undergraduate class ever. It's The Kentucky Derby. Where Is Your Giant Hat? (PHOTOS) That moment when you found a whole episodes in anime series dubbed in japanese, but one in english.. I literally went to go text Chally and he texted me right as I was about to type! ! Not sure why but for some reason I get really pumped up for tests now...never happened in high school I saw a girl in court wearing stiletto trainers,, really, stiletto trainers! Tht awkward moment when you see your 7th grade brother holding hands with his girlfriend down the hallway...#Speechless Stay out of the diet wars - Burlington County Times I have like 5 pictures of and from when rach was doing pull ups. Idk why I took these pictures. and there's 10stalls in here and someone comes right next to mine. .... jumped out infront of me !!! Mom gave me money without me asking, and making me my favorite all while I'm laying in her bed.. Ever felt the eyes of the whole room on ya when you walk in? just realized I'm basically the Groundskeeper Willie of the Antigonish mall If you're going to get pulled over with 115 lbs of... Police K9 handler shows his 4-legged partner who's the... Ukraine: Screw it, let's just assault the f*ckers. Damn... Vivid Video offering V. Stiviano twenty-four hours to... Still questioning why the other night I drunkenly snap chatted "I am not an anaconda hunter!" Resultatet av to dager i studio! Keep on weirding! I always hug my copies when I pick em up from the printer lol Ermmmm.. Don't even know who you are? It's FridAy NigHt &amp;&amp; ii dunNo whAt dO!!!!* liKe reallY wEiRd...* My dreams are just... Unexplainable. Why can't I have this much imagination in every day life?! My job is so easy and boring that I can't believe it's an actual job. don't make fun of my look it's Ah the way it smells outside reminds me of new jersey Officially out of high school No Big Deal: Just A Guy Skiing Down The Chairlift Cable (Gulp) Awkward pt. 2 seriously sounds like me and my wife before we started dating. Never been excited to show my parents my grades before... I look at the clock at 12:34 every damn day of my life haha I think I had the same hairstyle when I was a child but XD Somehow I feel like a cigarette, and I don't even smoke. First time I've been to Fort Hill since I graduated lol. Almost time to get fuxin I seriously think turtles are descended from dinosaurs!!!!!!!!! ? So tired that I'm actually considering staying in on a Friday night.. I mean who the plays the accordion while gaming? Patients Tell Cancer To Go F*** Itself For A Good Cause The back door just opened by itself.and it was even still locked while open... Since when does Florida have tornados? Welp, I'm officially done with freshman year. i just ate a combination, Mars bars, and baked walkers crisp in a sandwhich life is a beautiful adventure Now attending my last class ever at UNI.... Celebrate 'Star Wars' Day With These 7 Movies I'm not as happy now, he must have given them out to everyone.... Or maybe it was the text you sent him. Bizarre &amp; Weird, Strange &amp; Offbeat News Roundup for May 2, 2014 | Virtuoso Channel Staying in on a Friday to study. Left home with power supply... Got home, there's still light. Lol kpop maybe a bad influence to me when it comes to my health.. But i dnt care as long as i dnt hv failing grades I always thought Nardone hated me Idk about today but somethin don't feel right Celebrate 'Star Wars' Day With These 7 Movies listen to her song SOS I love it too lol About to have my last ballet class of this school year My appetite seems to just completely go in the evening lol haha k. Seems a lot of people have come down with that Half of the girls who are bestfriends have had sex with the multiple same people People in tech support talking about waseca.. finds on by Angela Santos via A new post for the book blog is up. Enjoy!! : Sleeping alone is not something I'm looking forward to tonight So insta dm's these past week Finally took my last final.. So ready for summer and.. officially a senior in college! I want to tweet right now and and I don't know what! Thought of you killing zombies when I saw this My supervisor just gave me a pair of cheerleading shoes... I swear the Snapchat icon is now a brighter yellow finished my last day of classes as a undergrad The Rest of the World Thinks These American Foods Are Strange Phone has repaired itself somehow... I'll never understand people who sit right beside you when every other chair in the waiting room is open I do not own a single pair of flats You Love me but you don't want me , cuz the things I Love to do hurt you .. That just made me really uncomfortable watching that video My father just told me not to pick up strangers when I get my car lmao he's so I find guys so attractive once we stop "talking". I love pickles as much as I love apple with bread!!&lt;3 A Manatee Drinking Water From A Hose Has An Insane Looking Mouth (VIDEO) You can "chat" on snap chat now?! You can chat on snapchat now? 62 students were arrested in another state for taking their senior prank too far, they broke into the school &amp; peed in the halls. Wired Weird Emergency Toilet | Lifecruiser ...aaannnddd...that is just ! ;) xXx I finally tried this is awesome I'm so bad at it but it's good fun ;) Feel like me and are in a fake taxi situation The Rest of the World Thinks These American Foods Are Strange Celebrate 'Star Wars' Day With These 7 Movies Korean 'Strangers' On A Train Transform Phone Conversations Into Beautiful A Cappella Music A Manatee Drinking Water From A Hose Has An Insane Looking Mouth (VIDEO) Jonah Falcon To Become Penis Museum's Most Outstanding Member (NSFW) Oh these two be living the thug life It doesn't feel like a Friday... why? Boo Boo the bear cub bites 14 university students, sparks rabies scare: (Reuters) - A two-month-o... The 3 strange Asian ladies that I kept running into at Psych Fest last year, just walked into the Starbucks I'm hanging in right now. Boo Boo the bear cub bites 14 university students, sparks rabies scare Students devise concept for Star Wars-style deflector shields Today I had an epiphany! Once confirmed what defines an epiphany haha Tweet from my !It's ... Happy birthday too me :p I'm 16 now soooo old xD Chinese girl asks me where the lib is, so I offer to show her. She says no she wants to hear it &amp; stayed there after I told her... Live a little, it's good for the mind and soul Not really sure why the men's basketball coach requested to be my friend on fb and then liked my picture. Looked up technical term 4 whats wrong with my eye. Its called a Chalazion ha sounds like it should be Pokemon name! Man sues 40 people over 5K horn honks - ABC tries to defuse the tension on 20/20 When you feel guilty for doing something in the past which you wasnt aware could affect someone massively! I read that as "I have the most powerful headache..." The Amazing Spider-Man 2's villains speak out (with video) - Well I haven't been asked that in forever ..... In less than 24 hours I will be a college graduate. Last minute of the last class of the last semester of my first year at QU My snapchat filters always mess up. is the only human that I know that sleeps with his eyes open... I have a huge ass bruise on the side of my foot Me having Jungle Oats at this time of the day This at the yesterday with a detector... Dude.. This is so weird lol. Space kittyyyyy!! Just had my scantron grade emailed to me from my 3370 class... The one I took over a year ago. Police looking for man who had a temper tantrum after he got to Papa Johns minutes after it close... Two other space catssss!! Wtf are they on.... The Most Baffling Wedding Cake Ever Just Got A Beautiful Sequel I get mistaken for 17 a lot. I guess it's a compliment but I'd like to state for the record that I can in fact legally vote. I'm 20.. did ya well ha I remember number plates always have that's The Most Baffling Wedding Cake Ever Just Got A Beautiful Sequel holy poop - when did dr who get so bludi freaky - switching over - thats gona give me nightmares! u won't believe it but still not a drop has passed my lips Getting an electric shock off everything today me Gotta close my window because it's too hot out.... I feel like my workouts are so much better when the gym is empty It's 2:00 and I haven't eaten anything and I'm not even hungry just realised chris coleman is your fella. I actually love the smell of fake tan!!! Why am I craving breakfast stuff?! I really don't eat breakfast Former employee, acquitted of raping passenger, wins unlawful detention lawsuit against 'Star Wars' Day Playlist Is Basically An Excuse To Listen To John Williams I know Ukraine is in a tough position but they just gave Russia justification for annexing more of their country Hey what are you doing? What do I even Bruises From nothing Condado, San Juan PR For some reason, it seems much brighter after Easter Top 5 weird, but tasty cocktails! Sometimes I wonder if fire burns you because its hot... What if it was just really a portal to another world? A man just sniffed a pair of socks. Erm bloody weirdo!! Throwing A Derby Party? Learn How To Make Mint Juleps With These 7 GIFs Home alone so I'm blasting teenagers by and eating croutons.. How A Plucky Piglet Named Leon Trotsky Got A Second Chance At Life With A Set Of Wheels I always miss my mom and want to go home when i'm hungover. I love the phrase "rat fink bastard" way more than what is considered normal. Things have been a little funny lately.... Pictures deleted off Instagram, and unfollowed some people who I didn't really unfolloww. Manwoman with pinstripe worms +ghost memories under the arm. Imagine if your hands we're feet Amy sitting on the floor The Best Fails Of The Week Prove Your Week Wasn't THAT Bad It doesn't even feel like prom is today! Everyone is so different on social media websites than in person it's cray Found a giant watch clock piece.....where do my parents even find these things..... Boo Boo The Bear Cub Bites 14 Washington University Students, Sparks Rabies Scare Headed to Tulsa to coach my girls in state tournament at the same fields I grew up playing at That honestly just broke my heart and made me feel extreme sad emotions. My mom doesn't seem too opposed to me getting a tattoo... Why are my ears itchy?? :( Just a squirt of Diet Coke, makes the foam of Coca Cola dissipate faster. Cool trick at gas store, but what's in that nasty drink? well first off ur just a lunatic, I have nothing to do with it. That honestly just broke my heart and made me feel extreme emotions. So yeah. This freshman college thing is almost over My dad is watching 8 mile.... This is so incredibly odd. My watch is a very, very special gift. It reminds me of a happy day. That's how it works for me. Special moment=special watch Go home snapchat you're drunk... That's what I thought she said. My horoscope is always spot on Boo Boo The Bear Cub Bites 14 Washington University Students, Sparks Rabies Scare The Best Fails Of The Week Prove Your Week Wasn't THAT Bad Naked Cowboy Gets Underwear Line This Cat Has A Crush On A Human And Isn't Afraid To Show It Why does always sound like it was recorded over a bad cell phone connection? Even on landline, it breaks up. In case you missed it, my (loving) summary of the - a month of and Something every girl needs? Not only does it make your boobs bigger but wets her whistle too LOL And then favorites my tweet Mind blown !!! what if the googlebox watchers watch googlebox Ambur just chose her housing for next semester. She chose my current room. Sometimes I randomly just wake up rubbing my stomach. Don't think I've ever heard jay talk on gogglebox Ik u see so many ppl with these fake twitters dedicated to harassing the teen moms This feels weird. Last day of my undergrad classes today! Came home from a great meal, and found a penny in my shoe I get along with oomf so well!! .......and I was talking to strangers as well I have a 12 pack of natty. Aka A LOT of beer. I love the "GLAM" mail O2 playing up tonight,only had 1 bar all night &amp; even though on wifi it does effect twitter :-/ saying goodbye to people now means I'm saying goodbye to them for over a year. An old Woman told me I was handsome and I had really beautiful teeth &amp; another one told me she'll think of me while she's in bed so it's official... im one of the guys Celebratory pots to grow with ! Omg I peed on this stick &amp; it told me how many times I've had sex datz crazy!!! This 'Zero Gravity Workout' Doesn't Even Look Real (WATCH) "Mum, I'm your third boob" This 'Zero Gravity Workout' Doesn't Even Look Real (WATCH) Some girl I don't even know just liked 20+ pics of mine on insta.. for having 3 hours of sleep I'm actually in a working mood. You don't look ver y ruede whitout your beard Omg next year I'll be a mommy for Mother's Day Yeah Victorias Secret I'm totally going to buy my mom some lingerie! The Star Wars Cantina Band Auditions: The Star Wars Cantina Band AuditionsContinue reading... Why does the radio stop playing music to tell you about the "nonstop" music tjooo this souds whats that when people close their eyes while their hairs being cut. Ok I'm not a fan of the new snapchat one bit This town is full of trailer homes with inground swimming pools. Like wtf am I even eating right now? Car Thief Tried to Steal Judges Car One of my teeth fell out today whilst I was on the bus Club d'autistes ao... Cosec Du Fango Everything about this is accurate, besides the last two sentences. The that make us unique can have a positive impact Can Being Make You Rich and Dr. Crosby TEDx One letter turned in, two more lined up. Just need to upload my transcript and pay the fee and I will have officially applied to OU! Sometimes I sit and wonder what my life would be like if was sweet... Can I make it through the night without sleepwalking? Doubt it Animal rights group seeks Utah roadside memorial for dead turkeys: (Reuters) - Animal rights acti... I can NEVER wear dude underwear if a dide aint wear em first. stop favouriting all my tweets Animal rights group seeks Utah roadside memorial for dead turkeys My little niece came home from school with dehydrated ice cream DOGS taking over the WORLD I wrote a one act about Judy Garland &amp; her life. After turning it in the clock tower started to play "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" Spent my Friday off work at the gym, not sure how to feel about this Officially done with classes for my sophomore year! She's very particular about her Mac and cheese. She only likes the Kraft with the character shapes. The new snapchat is just First time that lockers been empty in 3 years. last workout at ping Will miss my room so much when I move Ish,what the frick you can chat on snapchat?! Its gettin weird. This is weird. I'm feelin weird. Craving a pie!Then I could taste this curry that my aunt use to make.Then I could taste this lime ice I had on vacation when I was 6. Adam went through my ipod and witnessed my weird selfies... Listening to 's songs on the beach and feeling so.... Well idk actually! &amp; maybe... that's been in my head all day if youre gonna talk shit, know the shit youre talking about hun. because last i remember, your ass wasnt even there when it happened My moms ringtone is We Own It by Wiz &amp; 2 Chainz. If only were here tonight. Does your pee look funny? Turns out it is sort of color-coded. World news: Couple holds out hope for missing bounce house Can't go to sleep unless my pillows and duvet are in the correct position and I have a cup of juice New snapchat geth29 delete old one....only people who no me add me n dnt be boring you want to blow air into each other's lungs? One exam stands between me and mine first year of college being over! 're being surprisingly nice mee today huh? *whew* :$ thanks ae :p Bought some wicked cute shoes today. And a skirt. Two things I don't normally do. I enjoy how odd I look in this picture Off on a run. With one question in my mind, What is the point of life? Weird little step up this world la. Weird one though 9 Facts You Probably Didn't Know About The Kentucky Derby I haven't eaten much in the last 2 days and I'm not even hungry. Why does the music in your flipagram video is always not connected with what you are trying to show? Been watching a lot of movies with Tom cruise in it lately?? Caught myself daydreaming during class today 9 Facts You Probably Didn't Know About The Kentucky Derby Students Suspended After Teacher Accidentally Shows Porn In Class May 2nd and not a leaf on a tree. There's basically a emoji for everything. U randomly need a chicken emoji? Well there it is . U need a bathtub emoji, , here it is. If You've Ever Been To The Kentucky Derby, You Know These Truths Im not sure if this is like your friday thing but I have to dry off the same way after I shower or it'll throw my day off Watching and amy brings up prion disease and bovine spongiform encephalopathy which I had my test on today... I always get to work at the same time. that uncomfortable feeling when someone who got fired from and dislikes your company views your profile on LinkedIn... I want Heston to cook for me one day When people tell you to stop retweeting on Twitter I look at the person and think are you serious? And do you stalk my posts Why do girls greet each other with hugs? them people who used to be your best friend, now you don't even say hi What's the point of favoriting and retweeting me consistently if you're not going to follow me? My abs of steel went off in the metal detector It's finally hitting me that I'll be finished with my undergrad in 7 months... I keep having this recurring dream that ardscoil and laurel hill and some girls that dont even go there mix with ardscoil for a week The Best Things To Do With Your Spouse Outside The Bedroom, According To Redditors the new snapchat is completely weird... So will tweet about junk but she won't tweet about her recent engagement Tomorrow is the first morning since November that I don't have to wake up by 6am to do a long run!! i'm watching a film about nuns... If You've Ever Been To The Kentucky Derby, You Know These Truths The Best Things To Do With Your Spouse Outside The Bedroom, According To Redditors Sorry but I'm 2 weird 4 u! Estilo plataforma 9 y 3/4 I believe I can fly and touch the sky Students Suspended After Teacher Accidentally Shows Porn In Class If You've Ever Been To The Kentucky Derby, You Know These Truths The Best Things To Do With Your Spouse Outside The Bedroom, According To Redditors Getting ready for a wedding roast? Apparently it's a thing to make fun of your friends before they get hitched? So apparently ppl are saying a certain someone looks a lot like me No work on a friday night? ! out of college and coming home to attended high school... Calvin Ray Jr. Accused Of Killing Parents With Samurai Sword The view out one of my bedroom windows. And one of the reasons I think my house is haunted. I cant believe this ! Some smartly dressed, aftershave covered man was just at the tills with vodka,coke,toothpaste and a children's skirt Why did some guy walk past me and start singing... Someone should get 8 or 10 little eyebrow rings and then hang a little curtain Jambalaya, corn, and homemade Hot Wings maybe but really good! weirdo style Calvin Ray Jr. Accused Of Killing Parents With Samurai Sword OMG I feel like a real grown up talking about this stuff. Feel like sleeping here tonight.. Dont judge Why is it so hard to figure out if a taxi is available or not in Miami?! Schools boss says New Jersey class prank overblown: TEANECK, N.J. (AP) The head of a New Jersey ... My bestfriend &amp; I talk to ea other like were babies. Always have So I'm reading and I literally just woke up to realize I stopped reading after chapter 2 and in my dream I was on chapter 7 strange you are so obsessed with letting people know, rather than putting major pressure on authorities to do their job properly When you see a guy next to you putting makeup on Friends who kiss??? YES LOVE That's why some times I'm wearing a hat even when the weather is good Beving on by and thenewclassic What the eff was Don Jon about The Jerk's Guide To Getting Into A Game For Free -- And Scoring Free Food And Beer Hmmm...wonder why he didn't want to answer the question on whether he had a bonus? Calvin Ray Jr. Accused Of Killing Parents With Samurai Sword The Jerk's Guide To Getting Into A Game For Free -- And Scoring Free Food And Beer Trying to grasp the fact that I graduate in 8 months. Some sexy "lingerie". Maren Russell I beep every time I enter or exit a Just started. I had a dream, I was taking a Spanish test! Answered many questions, but the one essay question I answered it in English. 3 police cars just surrounded some car at the end of my street When you see an old flame Stay weird. Simply because yolo. Schools boss says New Jersey class prank overblown - I never eat McDonald's and I'm actually craving it right now. Yankees? so the illuminati is a north south thing? I just had such a cute dream about me and :o Trying to grasp the fact that I graduate in 4 weeks. I like your eyebrows! that's the first thing I notice on people.. haha Hearing another person say fuck boy I just saw a girl who looks like Vic Fuentes.... Father Andrew Bolt: A breast squeeze from a gay man isnt so bad I feel like I swallowed a golf ball yet my singing sounds better... :/ i think the reason i don't tweet is idk what to tweet. Man becomes 'human chair' to aid elderly woman Messing with my Madre while she's cleaning Got some sort of tribal shirt, just went with it to get tailored, cant wait to see the end results. Just saw pizza hut Darrell at a Maverik in Buffalo I'm so strange... New video will be up tonight!! Continue staying at the "How Weird" after party at Cafe Cocomo! The tv switched itself off and back on again randomly Me and my mom decided that if guys judged girls by the way their elbows look, we would both die alone. I don't mean to be rude, but do you even have eyebrows or did you just draw a lines on your face? Even though work was dead I was very tired!!!! I think my media exam is the very first exam I've ever been worried about. It's like the only subject I've ever truly loved. DOGS taking over the WORLD It's freeking me a little that I cannot concentrate on anything for longer than 10 mins. Appart from music that can take up hours no ones forcing me to watch the game today and i am Take a step back and look at what humans do for fun. All my friends are athletes.. Except my boyfriend....... why did I go all serial killer and skip X rated possibilities? My closest girlfriend, my mom &amp; bros fianc are all the same sign. Why do all these porn stars and sex freaks keep following me lol Trying to do and take everything to make me feel better by tomorrow! I've really never stayed home all day on a Friday. A bum drinking a frappucino asked me for money why am I watching this sitting in this empty dorm, alone with all my feelings I'm in love with popping peoples thumbs it makes me happy Tonight gonna get I suggest you join us this evening and partake in tonights festivities at the house Wanna play with my pet lettuce? LOL that might have been the easiest final exam I've ever taken Wedding Saves Bride And Groom From Deadly Tornado Photoshop this big catch [Photoshop] Seems like once I start liking people on the people around me know them and start talking about them, liking them too Why is Heather only washing half her hair? Coming home to an empty house with all the lights off but some weird song playing full blast on the speakers!!?! Wedding Saves Bride And Groom From Deadly Tornado my sister is going to your house after prom! I'm laying down breathing with a stack of everything that was in my backpack on my stomach... Man With World's Largest Penis LIVE - Huffington Post: Man With World's Largest Penis LIVEHuffington ... Mom said I was singing in my sleep last night. Napaghahalatang closet karaoke queen! And then favorites a tweet from over a year ago.. The found his berries?!? Or naww he hasn't found them :( lmaooo Never thought I'd see crying in a supernatural episode. Then have his throat slit. 'Poker Princess" Molly Bloom Gets Probation (PHOTOS) Saying bye to Santiago . Just got a phone call from the past! Haven't talked to this girl in YEARS! How the heck did she get my number! My dog hates it when I make weird noises! So he hits my head This is one of the few indians games in the past 4 seasons that I have not come with wheres my man?! Well that was the most bizarre thing I've ever seen... My father not only got a smart phone, but he can play games on it. Am I the only one that can have coffee, then immediately fall asleep like 5mins later? Oh, you know.. Just watching the time pass by.. Has someone ever left your life and came back, but you didn't realize you missed them as much as you did until AFTER they came back? No icons for me! Mum has a computer a desk. No fancy phone from which da icons come. She 'pretend' to have icons I've never seen a seven year old not get fries at Sonny's. Meeting my baby brother's gf for the first time Friday to when things got a tad at the hospital. Test Your Awareness: Do The Test: ..... this is very good, your eyes see what they want to see My sister lent me this gorgeous They are so and Does anyone else find it extremely odd and creepy when a stranger retweets or favorites your tweet from months ago? In other words when I sleep with the tv on I dream of the people that are on tv. This is the first time i have been to the movies with all Henderson people. How you know I was talking about you. How does my mom always know when something's bothering me? did u know that sometimes dad snores so loud he wakes himself up? GET THE "F" OFF MY LAWN!! So as me and were falling asleep we heard brobrobrobrobro. Or something like that very close. Like by my window or door Sleeping in your spare room in a spare bed is not quite at home in your own home! What is normal today is not working. I don't know why, but lately I've been into wearing watches a lot.. I was just reading the bible today and they're talking about the bible in my show. eg: sitting in a bathtub. like a boss. because i can. or GO! hello, psychopath The found his berries?!? Or naww he hasn't found them :( Why do you say such random things like that... Oh my god, I was totally being hit on by a lesbian! jajaja Why do they call it a hashtag (#)?... It looks like a waffle to me! I can fit into my dad's old pants...and they look kind of good...? Told ya a two goal lead isn't safe Just saw a guy trying to do a headstand on one of the benches at a bus stop Pens have 2 GF scored when I have my cat around, and 2 GA when my cat isn't around. I swear I'm childish... Haha Killing zombies while listening to "Let It Go." I don't know what to feel... Here I stand with my drawn! I always knew you guys liked it like that I can't be the only person in the world who looks at themselves in the mirror for a long long time and says "is that really me?" felt hungry so got a bowl of cut up bananas as a midnight snack Hearing from on the God Kind Of News: A Selfie Too Far: Squirrel Turns on Teen During Photo when one lightbulb goes out in one room in your house it's like a completely different location. &amp; via dream come true? This old lady is talking on the phone about death at Starbucks. Wow There's like 7 something billion people in this world and I'm single. Makes sense right? My neighbors have a green disco ball. Why do I smell bug spray, in not wearing any and nobody sprayed it in the house. Photo: Ay man even need to stop for gas I guess lol For some reason, I've never liked the A's white shoes. They bother me. At one point, they were the only team that wore white ones. To think I might miss is crazy Thanks for the screen change ya creep lol. Wuv youss Mad dudes complementing my nails today...maybe they want they shits done lmfao I think my cat was home alone all day or missed me, she's loving on me &amp; won't leave me alone .. MERS virus found in the USA. CNN recommends avoiding camels. Thank you (Anderson Cooper). the girl in front of me is watching a video called "advice on boys and tampons" Ohh you're taking a video let me just be hahahaha jackiee_019 It's a Friday night and I'm not working I went to DQ and there were no cute girls working.. Why does the shoplifting guy remind me of the man with 5 wives? I'd rather live in Ottawa than Toronto... Why do people call their significant other "bae" instead of babe nowadays So some random number just called me and started beat boxing and when I asked who it was they said they had the wrong number...Okay? I get pumped in workout listening to SoMo and Frank Ocean. One side of my face hot 4 Playing Card FAQs Answered How a fish can fry: Scientists uncover evolutionary clues behind electric fish Robots may need to include parental controls Grover chillin with my daddddy Saint Francis de sales festival tonight. Wow I'm a second year college student. I am an old alumni now..... Pro tip: If you're attempting to get to court to face... The found his berries?!? Or naww he hasn't found them :( iLy We all had that one moment,when u wanted to scream a random weird noise!! lol Not quite sure how I feel about this new Snap Chat.. Caleb and my mom are Facebook friends? My day went from bad to great wtf is up the half time entertainment? Just turned it back on and it works. The found his berries?!? Or naww he hasn't found them :( trying to sell me her brothers... This old lady is talking on the phone about death at Starbucks. Wow that's gonna be me when I'm old that's , i thought it was Marissa's birthday tomorrow tho Turns out I'm a worse drunk bowler than a regular bowler Cinnamon tequila ain't half bad. Tough Mudder is all right if you're a duck. Otherwise... Impromptu Invite - Farkers/TFers Welcome: Sat. 5.3.14,... You don't like watching the best basketball players in the world compete against each other? Have you ever wondered where all the phone booths went?... World's longest separated pair of twins hug each other... scary thing is I kinda knew Stapes was going to make a tortoise sound just like that Hmm, story of my day... via Watching some weirdo movie that &amp; his friend found on Dreams of sounds and voices. Measles appear at Winnipeg strip club: Measles appear at Winnipeg strip club 21 creams in 1 coffee your I used to eat a lot, now I can't even eat a whole foot long sub... Am I dying?? The convos u have with when im bored i always translate song lyrics to french in my head Still hasnt quite hit home my cats gone ... The way the cashier spelled Ariana's name ... I even spelled it out for him! Whenever I feel emotions I tweet Why do I always peel the labels off my beer bottles??? I'd a liked it anyway. I don't see color or sexual organs Last day on the island... What better way to spend it than climbing the volcano with my two best friends here? We live in a world full of idiots and weirdos. Which one category do you belong to ? I been lovin skirts lately Just a normal dude y'know. this vine defines you. In 6 years it will be 2020.. OMG!! So they guess ur password Thats extreme why no half does BBQ pizza so sad :( supporting now Someone told me I am secretly interesting but not why Oh boy.. I can't stop thinking about the Japanese girl last night.. I even remembered her name in my dream.. HAHAHAHAHA It's always weird when a massive stack of djvu strikes. This is what I tell myself, but my friends beg to differ. Why is V. Stiviano addressing Donald Sterling as Mr. Sterling?? Wtf is wrong with me Anybody watch the interview with Proud of - 2 of my YA leaders - as they led tonights service. Is it strange that every time a NSYNC song plays I jus wanna stop what I'm doing and dance like no.one is watching I'm jus too Now that I'm a nurse. It's kinda weird my dad comes n tells me to check what he has on his butt. According to NASA, outer space smells similar to fried steak and hot metal. Know I'm taking pictures of my body lol Just watched a very odd interview don't know how Barbara didn't laugh in her face Its 'crazy how it takes 3-4 shots to get most people my size drunk but I have to take 7 or 8 to get drunk lol Weird Stuff Warehouse's Instagram Feed Is a Graveyard of Silicon Valley Delights - TIME This lady came up to me and asked me if tobi was neutered and that she wants to breed jer dog with tobi... Why do dogs bark at the tv or you when they hear other dogs barking on tv lol Watched the interview on 20/20 with V and im tellin you she was lying all through it..couldn't make eye contact I would love to know why my masseuse is msging me at 10:32 pm It still blows my mind that Kelly Johnson is a Yankee. What the frick kind of music do you listen to?! And this is why I'm lol I Look Like Katy Perry, and it Sucks Handles Homemade Ice Cream &amp; Yogurt I Look Like Katy Perry, and it Sucks Bear that bit Missouri students has no rabies, is spared: (Reuters) - A two-month-old bear cub th... Odd News: Bear that bit Missouri students has no rabies, is spared: (Reuters) - A two-month-old b... Bear that bit Missouri students has no rabies, is spared This is how I feel. Every night. does anyone know what the "V" stands for? Who does she think she is, e.e. cummings? hahaha I'm doing the same with my cat You know you're pregnant when you poke your stomach an your stomach pokes back. What is up with people this week? Everyone's bailing on each other Who mows the lawn at 10 o'clock at night in the rain besides my neighbor? When I frown up my face , it makes the number 11 on my forehead. Idk why but I'm actually getting pretty emotional .. I think there is something wrong with my dad. It's that no matter what accent u have everyone sounds normal when they sing. I miss people from home I didn't think I'd miss. like me oh wait you knew you'd miss me! Lol Every man dreams of threesomes with two babes. Some men... Pple in look sooo but then too they will upload the pic In the Roast of James Franco, the roasters are making fun of themselves more than James Franco. I crave the strangest things at night One eye is watering and the other one is perfectly fine I'm getting Jordan and Marissa awfully mixed up tn My Parents Are Watching Jersey Shore...? I haven't been to the gym in over a month and have still kept all the weight I lost off Oh. My. God. V. Stiviano Opens Up About Sterling: I'm 'His Silly Rabbit' What is it about asparagus that immediately makes your pee smell? This is how Theresa watches vampire diaries I had a dream I met only they wouldn't talk to me. kept making gang signs &amp; did the robot. It's fine right?! I hope so! Driving drunk to a police station, beating your... Woman kills boyfriend because he didn't buy her a gift... Seth and I officially live together Have you ever swiped the word "sorry" only to have your phone's auto correct spell Diddy ? This is how Theresa watches vampire diaries Stranger Than Science... Or Is It? Went to the store like this because I'm Ashli Kaye Can't believe tomorrow is my last high school dance.. Picked up 3 issues of the classic and sadly unfinished series Underwater at the D&amp;Q store in Montreal. Haven't dreamed of anything lately or nightmares ._. My birthday has a full moon on it.. Stranger Than Science... Or Is It? Just a normal dude y'know. how do you lose 4 unused scrapbooks? I hate this new snapchat! haha right should of toke a selfie One of the only people on campus... I cant wait for summer so I can actually read a book I enjoy. How to Be Handsome: 11 Really Terrible 19th-Century Beauty Tips girl they came up to me and my gf in the bar one night and talked about it for like 45 mins what megs you'd don't like let it go?? Hey!! Do you want to stay with me?? When I trim my nails after they get too long, I feel like my fingers don't know what to do. Like they're not used to touching things. I hate wearing makeup but I also hate not wearing makeup so it's just really complicated." Hahahaha It's my main bitches birthday weekend. Shits about to get her You ever catch somebody laughin at your joke and they stare directly at you?! Every night I put my cat on the nice comfy bed and he jumps down and lays on the floor, next to the extra blankets... What people think I do when I shower vs. Reality 10 minutes before that I stapled money to his arm. I'd still pick my friends over you. and the sound of it being stripped from the dispenser. Ooohhh yyeaaah haha Relative: Hawaii Won't Let Dad See Teen Stowaway how did my bestfriend suddenly befriend my favorite cousin??? it's casual I look like a kid in here haha Flipagram makes me happy love lookin at pics with music haha Does anyone else read tweets in that person voice or how you think they sound like ? Had dinner at a Mexican place in Whis tonight, and had waitresses saying 'muchos gracias' in Aussie and French Canadian accents I Have No Idea I wonder what runs through the mind. I don't think I've been this confused in a long time. this is what I get for coming into only when things get I'm too drunk to.hear right now.... Well doesn't this bring back old memories A lot of times I fall asleep in this position (obvi laying down lol) and how I'm laying right now Is it that I like to watch before I go to sleep, so I can imagine myself whatever there showing in my dream lol I think it's fixed now, I deleted all my texts then restarted my phone. Texts are back but the notification is gone. A cat is snuggling with me. just hugged our carton of milk and told it that it is her friend...#freak Like even if I sneeze I get annoyed. Weirdest dreams. I'm carrying a chocolate coloured lamb around from restaurant to restaurant Why was that Twix commercial on Pandora in a different language? Ahhhhhhhh I've encountered my first stink bug however it doesn't stink There are some people in this world that I will never forget, and it's those that were in my life the shortest Painting my nails and watching Fight Club for the first time. Haven't stopped thinking about you.... v(-_-)v I'm and is the Lois Lerner took the fifth and retired over a phony scandal? yeah U must have the same effect on them, which I got when I 1st saw U.. n to think of it.. U were not eben making faces then Finding out you're blocked by someone you've never interacted with. Why on earth am I still awake? Tonight my boyfriend chucked the bad jelly bean flavors out the window while saying these are for all of you stray cats Wide awake for some reason this morning Now that I think bout it.. I hardly talk to people that go to my school, or that are in high school period. I haven't had an appetite since yesterday afternoon...but I'm not sick tho I be imaging females moaning my name.. Just certain ones.. My music is on shuffle and a lot of Wiz songs have been coming on. It's funny because I'm wearing a shirt with him on it lmao I was literally just thinking about how I didn't text him back earlier and than he texted me lol 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; that girl is one woman. She started this avalanche and now feels bad that he is hurting? Can't remember the last time I slept in my own bed on a Friday night I read that as if my mom were telling me that I was a curious kid to an extend of pulling a man's tie till he would die of suffocation. Some hektik shits just went down next door What people think I do when I shower vs. Reality True that I can't even do my hw without listening to some youtuber just talk I don't know why your watching so hard Be weird and different. Just makes one more awesome Brazil ( girls Live ) Anitta ( girls Live ) I keep running these instruments by my sister who has a degree in music and she just shakes her head at you. I don't even feel like I'm in my own house lol. There never seems to be anything going on Friday nights. To say that tonight was interesting is an understatement... I saw bumblebee men on stilts... I don't understand why the iPad doesn't have a calculator? My phone does, my Mac book does but not my iPad?? I dream of Awstin " Awkward moment when u have the same name and same knee braces.... On the sam leg. Lol Uh... Okay, let's have a tofu party if you insisted... Worse Than Sex? 'M' Is for May and Masturbation Month Little kid shows are its lol My dishwasher while running sounds like its saying "Its Okay" I am safe back in bed with my xo so weird to finally say I'm 22... My alarm kept going off last night even though it wasn't set till this morning Sad: family dog is lost during Hurricane Sandy. Worse:... there are too many things in ny head right now. And I've saved Burke again A 16 year old high school student followed me on Instagram. His avatar shows he's not wearing a shirt. Hm. Not following back. Photo: Feeling with my new style, but i like it! Why are people telling me these things? I had a dream of this song last night :-/ I make the same faces for some reason :P My face and cheeks are getting feeling back but now I'm chin has no feeling. What does this even mean? Haha It's so much hard to tweet when I'm drunk. I gotta big heart id rather see someone else happy then myself idk y So I had a dream that Kim Kardashian came up to me and started shifting me. So I dno like am I a Lesbian or is it just Kim Kardashian Why is it that it is hard to get out of bed when the alarm goes off, but you wake up early when you don't have to get up? I don't know how I'm able to cut with all the shit I eat Chilled with people my own age So is it normal to be casually elbow bumped by a guy you use to talk to when his wife is sitting next to him? Awkward moment of the day: my ex from 9th grade calling and then telling me he still had my phone number memorized. I like eating pussy better than food itself. ? Turn Your Phone 90 Degrees - via ! :-) like 8 More of the Craziest Plastic Surgeries To Look Like Someone Else | This Guy Went a Year without Taking a Single Shower, Still Managed to Stay Squeaky Clean | Everytime i drink more than a few i wake with numb, achy hands Teens Are So Lonely, They're Taking Cabbages On Leashes For Walks | ????????????? 8 Great Philosophical Questions That We'll Never Solve | Meet the world's luckiest unluckiest man who cheated death 7 times via When two different people think you're older than you actually are &gt;&gt; Turn up! Hispanic style &amp; I heard!! It should be the other way around tho?? And I'm tried to not use an Can't sleep. Must. Make. Funny. Faces. California's blood-sucking, money-hungry lawyers now... New frat is all about the par...wait, scratch that. It's... Why do people air their dirty laundry on social media. Theres phones, texts and PMs for a reason! I always think Its so weird that my grandfather knew Dayum dat wusz sum krayzie shit tho... First weekend I don't work all semester. I love you James Franco.... But are you on drugs ????? in the same time zone must be messing with my subconscious in a huge way. :/ At this age, what makes me cry is not my lovelife, but stomach's craving for food every 4 hours. Apparently my bathroom is the best place for fastest internet connection for my phone Why do peoples parents have Twitters &amp; Instagrams? Gap Between Neanderthals and Us Narrows, But Does Not Close! Can't believe my sisters eighteen Had this dream that I was trying to escape school to this big old fancy house, dressed in old clothing but then I got caught?? Went to a Christian concert today. I felt so out of place. fine line between a friend and a drinking buddy Without fail this movie is always on when my summer vacation begins... After losing a leg in Afghanistan to an IED, a soldier... Again you say it so roughly that it's both scary and sexy. A Jewish guy proves that he's genetically attracted to Eurasian women. Wow, what?! The Sniff Test: Always on at the beginning of summer break... I wanna tweet something but idk wat to tweet so I'm just tweeting this and moment I dreamed I deep-fried a lemon O_O Waking up on the floor 0.0 It doesn't even feel like my birthday I love using blankets as pillows The grass is always greener (new painting detail) I have zero and there's one of me... Whats the Pressure Inside an Exploding Whale caught on video? Blogs | WIRED Weird as fuck I had a dream about now I don't remember anything but that I don't know why I had it but I had it Every time I start talking to a new girl and it's looking promising I imagine cussing my ass out. Haha. I tend to become flirty at this time I'm going for a walk... Wait, I never go for walks feels like a train has hit me and i actually slept well 2nite Cheese made from dogs? Yuck! Maryland police will live-Tweet arrests yielded from... A strange 50+ woman keeps backing into my groin in the post office queue even though I keep stepping back. Think I've pulled!! Actually could never live without these girls Actually could never live without these girls How Asians bag on each other Father of Hawaii teenage stowaway denied access to son: report: (Reuters) - The father of a 15-ye... The Kevin Hart and Mike Epps beef doe Kung walay lingaw sa changi airport singapore San Francisco hipster opens mini-golf course in Mission... Every time I pressed snooze on my alarm I had a different dream Father of Hawaii teenage stowaway denied access to son: report: (Reuters) - The father of a 15-yea... Girls in movie are and I love them both What the? On the way home I see a Bumbo sitting on the side of the freeway. Watch Weird Al, Rick Springfield And Others Awkwardly Try Out For Star Wars ... - Cinema Blend But like how much I hated Robredo after the USO, the same didn't happen with Stakho Got a text yesterday "this is my new number" nothing else. Text back who are you? No reply One cop says to the other cop, "Dude, we got the wrong... My parents' room's door shut fully on its own. Their window isn't open and my bro and my room are across the hall from theirs. Is liking all his pictures too weird Last night I dreamed I was in a biology exam and I didn't know any of the answers, so I cried.. Had a stupid dream that Cardiff were 4-0 up and Pardew walked out in the 69th minute Had a dream that I brought a load of panini stickers and they were jigsaw pieces Dreamt about vampires and The Lord of the rings gang. Not quite getting my head around the new snapchat! Wtf is going on with this bread!? Actually leaving work in a real good mood. Extremely tired. But really good mood. I don't think the former suggestion is quite up my alley lol soz..would have to make some pretty radical life changes :) Compte Twitter hacked. Favorites everything World news: NYPD baseball team's jerseys stolen in Texas Last day at work for me! Thanks for taking care of me but I've never seen ya like this Wikipedia says "Coffee is usually served with sugar, but is also served with salt in many parts of Ethiopia." I woke up really feeling like going to Stone henge today :P good morning hehe :) Yeah, I do miss you friend but there is something that I don't know which stops me to check you out. me Lmao!! "TURN DOWN FOR WHAT?" And I just laughed out loud like a retarded seal! Haha. Realizing how you are and wondering how you even have friends. Why do I resort to math as my go to topic?! I dreamt that it rained and I was in a car. The road had batman and other characters gliding down street and my brother was poking me Is it just me or is this weird advertising to put on a car magazine? Had some mad weird dreams last night! Such a nice relaxed sleep! So strange knowing i have nothing i need to do! It's Just is out! Stories via That was an...interesting night on 4th/congress haha Falling asleep between the hours of 3-5 is now what I consider normal that kid who had an oopsy with his strapping clearly couldn't fit 'queenslander'. Lacta Cake. Lactating actual chocolate Day 73: a bit of a Dr Seuss day :L haha My Kindle has started working again all by itself... Cant sleep but im tired When girls start talking like the guys their fucking So the next door neighbour has the same car as me Saying we've been together just over 3 months sounds quite short, saying we've been together 100 days somehow sounds so much longer I like being and at the same time hahaahhahahah I had a dream that asked me if she could borrow a note to sniff some coke... I dony quite get birthdays! I'm only one day older then I was the day before and now today its all over InfoWeb Gus Masons Lament 05:52 there's close and then there's having an actual pact I wonder how that feels What has Bill Clinton so stressed about UFOs? Deadly MERS virus turns up in U.S. for first time Latest Survey Shows That Our Ocean Floors Are Covered In Garbage Mysterious illness killing off starfish on both US coasts Not sure how I feel about this whole looking like a girl crap!!! Look at this, we're one of the lucky 28 lol. Kids these days have heightened levels of anxiety... news is out! Stories via Everyone thinks Rydel's first kiss was with Ellington but what if it was with that French interviewer who was in love with her? A friend took this pic over The orb tracked them for miles then shot off. Waking up randomly at this time My bday is only on the 2wst of may bbut I am ma still exited so I am still counting the days To each his (or her) own. Why the hell not. This is only for the laughs okok oh my god that is EXACTLY what I said last week!!! I had a dream that most of got kidnapped &amp; me &amp; had to rescue them from a crazy wizard! Smashed the front screen and back of my phone AND dropped it in the sea and for some bizarre reason it has ceased to work Randomly decided 2 watch last 24 ep from S8. is considering assassinating character played by my neighbor. I shouldn't be hungry right now... Haha I wish this was fake lol!! So men can use women for sex but it becomes a problem when women use them for money.. Your mum is lonely weeiii. U shud know that by now. As much as lol crushing on I think her &amp; should get back together maan.. Lol My washing machine has a built in bleeper, I expect its there to cover swear words up or something? What do I know - I'm a bloke. As if my son just drove himself to work for the first time fan for th day haha :o haha The found his berries?!? Or naww he hasn't found them :( Terminally ill girl can't go to graduation, so school... I'm a blue fan for th day hahaha ewww!! haha :o Squatter posts bond, returns to Florida soldier's home... im so artsy its unreal I love getiing up early on weekends. I needed a big wind break his morning so I held it in to make one huge loud one and now it's gone altogether its nuh ma fault ooo... over 500 whats app contact. 270+ bbm contact sha.. and still cnt get chatty wif any 1.. Loving Vinegar at the moment... Having it on everything I eat! 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; Necesito ver "The Other Woman", it's like my life in a movie. that's literally what I did last night as well except it was vodka not wine! Same game and all I have kept track of EVERY THING I have spent money on for the last 4 months A pint my wife and a bit of leg....... cheeky You go to the market and find You're gonna need a bigger aquarium [Interesting] Going to work expecting some banana bacon cookies So I was browsing on Instagram and saw a photo of snow in Calgary. Does it still snows in Canada in May? Wait.. So if I send multiple snaps to people, they'll only get it as one snap like a story? Michael Jackson feat. "Love Never Felt So Good" cc In Bristol they queue for the bus. In London, it's a free-for-fall survival of the fittest deathmatch to get on the bus. STRANGE CLO 26 02 2014#: via Living in this nuclear shelter for 1,000 people looks like a nightmare via 11 Abandoned Buildings Turned Into Street Art Galleries | HarryPotter or PercyJackson is trending, huh?! I think Harry Potter is cooler, but Im still wondering about it! :D I dreamed a weird dream today, abt cupcakes... Like i eat various size cupcakes and they where so yummy...idek Fact: fist pumping does not exist in Hawaii. It just straight up does not happen. yesterday I took a nap..I dreamt that I had sex with one of my co workers...I woke up, checked my phone she had just txt me why do people always want to draw smiley faces on or with their food LA ad in Times Square At -- Never going to be normal.. This seagull just laid an egg on a customers car! sadly it broke :( I've had that mockingbird nursery rhyme stuck in my head intermittently the past few days. Slept for 12 hours non stop! How damn tired I was .... But as far as I remember, I did nothin extensive in the last two days! Last night was real life hahah oh my lawwwwwd. Guess that happens when the college roommates are back for the first time I literally witnessed this happening in Disney Just so you guys know. . . I got bored and took photos. I knoow, I look bad. Sorryyy. Always sing the Italian national anthem when sticking their players in Ziggy Marley is coming back next month..wonder if he will call me again and ask if I'm catholic..lol Someone made detox water in my dream Sat next to my little brother who is driving me around Cardiff in his first car..... this was my first weekend not waking up at your place. Have a go at this.. Just heard "like a high five" in a paint commercial. Do you know the new 'Belfie'-trend?! I just think world is gettin weirder and weirder 98% Of People Will Answer This Test The Same Way. I'm that 2% that answered off. via Haunted Chicago mansion going cheap - wonder why? I'm pretty sure it was part of a promotion deal with Disney. Because afl players have "force" Still drunk... Eating pasta for breakfast... With my mom U say hi to old friend, and some guy commits suicide He talk about a job he hasn't went to all week tho... So confused with this new paperless thing in work i got this feeling today too!! Firefighters Rescue Mini Horse From Mini Sinkhole, All Is Well The Plant Doctor App Puts A Human Touch On Identifying Plant Diseases Having communication with your ex without the consent of your bf/gf is already considered cheating. -Reader's Digest" I love looking through my phone and seeing this That awkward moment when you move your hand to the beat of a song and the guy exiting the bathroom thinks your waving they all appear scared of Bomber. The Plant Doctor App Puts A Human Touch On Identifying Plant Diseases A heart in my lips I think I'm racist now lol. I don't feel like dating people outside of my nationality anymore. I think dating outsiders is gross!! Catching up on my and slightly excited that and will be living in the same "country" soon enough I cannot believe the amount of people on twitter (non celebrity related) who tweet EVERYTHING they are doing/watching. I dont get how random people find me and request to follow me if I dont even know them haha. I don't know if it was a dream or if it actually happened ... Make memories you'll look back and smile at." ah! why the hell was I not following you? Decided to give up on men and two seconds later got a text that might change my mind.. Still can't believe the random house party I went to last night turned out to be at my cousin's house Try one of the 12 Weird Polish dishes via... Felt like dressing up! I'm pretty weird though! I dreamt that I was having lunch w/ &amp; mutual friends when he was attacked by pigeons that were carrying Spanish influenza. Last night was my first time sleeping inside since February do you ever have random cravings after a long run? I always crave a mt.dew. Randomly thought of the show and then drove by a sign that said westchester 1m I NEVER TRUST ANYONE WHO HAS A FAMILY GROUP ON BBM I gotta b drunk 1st before I can actually be patient and tolerate a female I'm tryna do... or nah? I woke up with my headphones in this morning. I don't remember putting them on last night. The amount of exes that hooked up last night though... Stole her it looks so Being those people at bojangles with Grandaddy One man's trash can be another man's treasure i suffered from the same kind of that are recieving just coz there is a mask involved I don't understand why you texted me was walking home and i was thinking and looked a bit sad, and a girl with cat ears said "cheer up" then meowed and walked away. the last time I had a suffocation dream it was related to my mother. This time? Hungarian food. For the past few days I've had dreams about being kidnapped... Had a dream that six young good-looking men copied my keys to sneak in and watch me sleep. His opening line was "Hola?", so he doesn't know me very well lol. It just makes you wonder, you know. 'Freakshow' Star Asia Ray Learns 'What A Mouse Feels When It Dies' I had a dream a few days ago, and last nigth i had the next part of my dream... night I love listening to music while I sleep Cannot believe that after three years, today is my last day at Seeds and Saplings. I actually like working lmao This sums up South Jersey's culture. Mr. and Ms. Chinatown pageant ha once I get older I will try my luck in to join Odd question. The top half, and bottom half. Then I own you all. I love listening to music while I sleep me too, its not weird! I flew that airline once leaving the Bahamas. More dogs on the plane than people. I mean BIG dogs. We'll this should make for some interesting light hearted reading. Someone just rang my door bell but when I answered no one was there... is there a reason why I dreamed about Andy, , , and 2 other random girls? Jose offered everyone free workout sessions but me.. And were family Just heard the radio edit of tears don't fall on for the first time in ages...sounds so odd. Can't believe I am going to be working my third freshers this year, promise myself id only work one always waking up at different times. The Greatest Infographic of All Time After have fun with sista yeay. All the stories were related to a memory I have with that specific person. I had 3 different dreams last night and i remember all of them vividly. My uncle is applying to drive a garbage truck You know life has changed when you hear "Sunny Sunny" somewhere and remember giving birth. Guy only pees in sinks. Concerned about splashing in Ur crazy 2! So many randoms adding me on fb today Last night I had a dream that my mom caught me smoking weed lol The last Saturday at bloom It has been a while surfing my social medias via my laptop... missed some stuff on my cover page going bed 420 in the morning, while people on the mainland are just now waking up.. like damn InfoWeb Gus Masons Lament 10:24 Guys take their shirts off from the neck n pull it over their heads. Girls start from the bottom n pull up makin it inside out. I think my twitter is just unfollowing random people..I just has to follow people I thought I was already following. that was MY high school yearbook quote For some odd reason.. I'm not happy anymore.. more of sad and mad.. I love my mom so much that I feel like if we met as kids and didn't know we were mother and daughter, we would be best friends. (: Its official.. I'm a fairy unicorn that poops skittles Either someone just followed then unfollowed me.. Or I dreamt it during my afternoon nap Hilarious 'Pulling Things From People's Hair' Prank Returns With More Surprises Just been shop and got some things Somethime I feel like I'm not supposed to be girl... without Biarritz and Perpignan ! Chapeau Bayonne though, partying there tonight! About these people that just came in my room to observe IDA. Um. Okay. The superintendent and a bunch of teachers were just in my store Surprisingly, I feel fine this morning... Starting over... season 1 ep 1...I just saw Hotchner smile Why not have your first cup of coffee while reading your 5 Keys to Game That's exactly what I've been doing... hows life guys? My phone seems to be broken cause I don't get any texts or replies This is why I love thrift shops, I give you seductive baby angel Rock-Paper-Scissors Study Reveals Sneaky Formula For Winning The Game Made this post 4 years ago. I don't even know "One of the three robbers (in black Ninja suits) found... We can go on double dates!! No idea how they could misspell Zac as David though :/ Why are fan accounts me when we don't even follow each other?!? What on earth am I doing? I'm with your ex and your with mine Whenever someone calls me to wake up, I get in a bad mood &amp; cry myself to sleep Ok how the fuck would someone find that out ?! XDDD 3 Tips Most Men will never know LMAO &gt;&gt;&gt; If you wanna know what type of mood I'm in then check out my most used emojis.. Rock-Paper-Scissors Study Reveals Sneaky Formula For Winning The Game &amp; and me were lucky to get free Samsung phones. After that no one is using Samsung now. but :p 10 things u may not know about | EDN via Ever had your ears ring so loud that for a quick second everything gets quiet The coupon says you must be 21 to use it ... You can buy cigs at 18 but can't use a coupon for cigs till 21? Ummm wtf? So not use to my nails being painted. I feel like now would be a good time for a hangover. Except, I'm not. And I didn't drink at all last night. It feels waking up. Who would want this chair those people that everyone seems to love but you literally cannot think why crying just for fun? Hahaha. My coffee cheered me up so much really Lois Lerner takes the fifth and retires over "phony scandal"? Why does my cat always come into the bathroom while I shower?? She just sleeps on my towel Wonder if guys would still like us girls if we didnt have tits or asses. hahaha a motorcyclist just blew a kiss at me I just saw a man sitting by the bus stop flexing his chest, but he was not a muscular man. The BarkerBag: An insulated sleeping bag attachment for your Something familiar about these dudes on this mug. Fabregas coming in changed the course of the game I wake up with this as my carrier. I didn't realize I switched last night... Why is the military just driving down the road right now? Miss the tumblr dramas. HAHA. God I've never had a dream that felt so real Wanna see deaths happening in real time? What do and I do - to deserve all this luck!! What the fuck is that team haha A scarf that doubles as a flask? BRILLIANT [Spiffy] Weekend Links: One Weird Trick Used to Build the Pyramids Replaced Viola strings turned into metallic flowers :) Looking at my favourites and seeing I've accidentally favourited the most random things... on the goal! Well, eyeing for the Prize.. way though to I'm not normal I'm weird and proud Can someone please tell of what is going on there ?? ;) :p things going on these days and I'm At my job we call our gm mom, and she calls us all her kids. The 'Mona Lisa' Just Might Be Part Of History's First 3D Image, Researchers Claim Isn't it how big the stars have grown. There's a difference between boys taking care of themselves and having OCD. I couldn't ever be with an OCD boy So no one is in Quigley except for myself and dodgy if you ask me. Hamilton had to score 8 to get promoted n just happened to do it lol x some how i was able to download flappybirds on my android phone Couple holds out hope that their missing bouncy house... Sometimes I go up to strangers and say,"Let's be snapchat buddies!" And then they give me weird looks. I wonder,"Why?" Is it weird that there is an official voting ballot drop off box at mcdonalds? chill my bones for a few hours before another night of fucked up wierd wierdy wierd shitttttt This movie theater is all full. Every single seat sold. that's really not gonna change my mind My friend casually starting balancing things on her tit while on facetime#facetime A girl in BIKE's (CENTURO) ad...and a boy in a moped's (MAESTRO) ad....whats happening around ????? Love the smell of books I'm about to be in the third world. Basically we were twins as babies "Some say that Im because I make thats relatable in other BUT thats because they dont Study" ~ I miss fighting with him. Just woke up in my own bed in Arkansas. Hey ...YOU'RE 21! Time to get My friend's dog eats ice cubes and actually likes them. Feeling excessively anxious...and I don't know why! So not used to wearing this much colour!!!!! Haha only ever wear black I can't believe how much I Cba to do anything lik!! I can't believe everyone has graduated like three different times in the past two days! Why would you start drinking so much milk on a bus? She drank 2 pints while i was on the bus. Family who lost dog during Sandy finds it at pound: EATONTOWN, N.J. (AP) A New Jersey family who... My favorite pair of shoes. Cheeseburger and fruit salad for break! 